1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those aged 18 - 49 who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if they were required to travel in dedicated lanes is 63%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of all U.S. adults who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if they were required to travel in dedicated lanes is 67%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those aged 50+ who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if they were required to travel in dedicated lanes is 72%.
4. The difference in the proportion of U.S. adults aged 18 - 49 and those aged 50+ who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if they were required to travel in dedicated lanes is -9.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those aged 18 - 49 who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if they were required to be labeled as driverless in order to be easily identified is 67%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of all U.S. adults who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if they were required to be labeled as driverless in order to be easily identified is 70%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those aged 50+ who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if they were required to be labeled as driverless in order to be easily identified is 73%.
8. The difference in the proportion of U.S. adults aged 18 - 49 and those aged 50+ who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if they were required to be labeled as driverless in order to be easily identified is -6.
9. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those aged 18 - 49 who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if regular reports about the number of accidents caused by them were required is 68%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of all U.S. adults who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if regular reports about the number of accidents caused by them were required is 71%.
11. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those aged 50+ who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if regular reports about the number of accidents caused by them were required is 74%.
12. The difference in the proportion of U.S. adults aged 18 - 49 and those aged 50+ who say the use of driverless passenger vehicles would be more acceptable if regular reports about the number of accidents caused by them were required is -6.
13. The survey period is from Nov. 1 - 7, 2021. 