1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would be a bad idea for society is 44%.
2. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would be a bad idea for society is 37%.
3. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would be a bad idea for society is 53%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would be a good idea for society is 26%.
5. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would be a good idea for society is 33%.
6. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would be a good idea for society is 19%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who are not sure about whether the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would be a good or bad idea for society is 29%.
8. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who are not sure about whether the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would be a good or bad idea for society is 29%.
9. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who are not sure about whether the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would be a good or bad idea for society is 28%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would increase the number of people killed or injured in traffic accidents is 27%.
11. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would increase the number of people killed or injured in traffic accidents is 23%.
12. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would increase the number of people killed or injured in traffic accidents is 31%.
13. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would decrease the number of people killed or injured in traffic accidents is 39%.
14. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would decrease the number of people killed or injured in traffic accidents is 46%.
15. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who think the widespread use of driverless passenger vehicles would decrease the number of people killed or injured in traffic accidents is 32%.
16. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who definitely do not want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 63% (NET).
17. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who definitely do not want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 52%.
18. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who definitely do not want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 74%.
19. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who probably do not want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 63% (NET).
20. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who probably do not want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 52%.
21. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who probably do not want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 74%.
22. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who probably want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 37% (NET).
23. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who probably want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 47%.
24. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who probably want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 25%.
25. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who definitely want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 37% (NET).
26. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who definitely want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 47%.
27. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who definitely want to ride in a driverless passenger vehicle if they had the opportunity is part of 25%.
28. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who feel not at all comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is part of 45% (NET).
29. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who feel not at all comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is 34%.
30. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who feel not at all comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is 57%.
31. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who feel not too comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is part of 45% (NET).
32. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who feel not too comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is 34%.
33. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who feel not too comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is 57%.
34. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who feel somewhat comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is 34%.
35. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who feel somewhat comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is 38%.
36. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who feel somewhat comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is 30%.
37. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who feel very or extremely comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is 21% (NET).
38. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 49, the proportion of those who feel very or extremely comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is 28%.
39. Among U.S. adults aged 50 and older, the proportion of those who feel very or extremely comfortable sharing the road with driverless passenger vehicles if their use became widespread is 13%. 