1. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are extremely/very worried about their children struggling with anxiety or depression is 40%.
2. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are somewhat worried about their children struggling with anxiety or depression is 36.
3. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are not too/not at all worried about their children struggling with anxiety or depression is 23.
4. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are extremely/very worried about their children being bullied is 35.
5. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are somewhat worried about their children being bullied is 39.
6. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are not too/not at all worried about their children being bullied is 25.
7. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are extremely/very worried about their children being kidnapped or abducted is 28.
8. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are somewhat worried about their children being kidnapped or abducted is 31.
9. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are not too/not at all worried about their children being kidnapped or abducted is 41.
10. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are extremely/very worried about their children getting beaten up or attacked is 25.
11. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are somewhat worried about their children getting beaten up or attacked is 32.
12. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are not too/not at all worried about their children getting beaten up or attacked is 43.
13. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are extremely/very worried about their children having problems with drugs or alcohol is 23.
14. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are somewhat worried about their children having problems with drugs or alcohol is 30.
15. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are not too/not at all worried about their children having problems with drugs or alcohol is 47.
16. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are extremely/very worried about their children getting shot is 22.
17. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are somewhat worried about their children getting shot is 23.
18. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are not too/not at all worried about their children getting shot is 54.
19. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are extremely/very worried about their children getting pregnant/getting someone pregnant as a teen is 16.
20. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are somewhat worried about their children getting pregnant/getting someone pregnant as a teen is 30.
21. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are not too/not at all worried about their children getting pregnant/getting someone pregnant as a teen is 54.
22. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are extremely/very worried about their children getting in trouble with the police is 14.
23. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are somewhat worried about their children getting in trouble with the police is 19.
24. Among U.S. parents, the proportion who are not too/not at all worried about their children getting in trouble with the police is 67.