1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who strongly disapprove of increasing efforts to deport people living in the U.S. illegally is 20%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who somewhat disapprove of increasing efforts to deport people living in the U.S. illegally is 20%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who somewhat approve of increasing efforts to deport people living in the U.S. illegally is 24%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who strongly approve of increasing efforts to deport people living in the U.S. illegally is 35%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the net - approval proportion of increasing efforts to deport people living in the U.S. illegally is 59.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who strongly disapprove of sending additional military forces to the U.S.-Mexico border is 22%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who somewhat disapprove of sending additional military forces to the U.S.-Mexico border is 19%.
8. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who somewhat approve of sending additional military forces to the U.S.-Mexico border is 23%.
9. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who strongly approve of sending additional military forces to the U.S.-Mexico border is 35%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the net - approval proportion of sending additional military forces to the U.S.-Mexico border is 58.
11. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who strongly disapprove of cutting federal funds for cities and states if they do not help federal deportation efforts is 35%.
12. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who somewhat disapprove of cutting federal funds for cities and states if they do not help federal deportation efforts is 17%.
13. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who somewhat approve of cutting federal funds for cities and states if they do not help federal deportation efforts is 18%.
14. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who strongly approve of cutting federal funds for cities and states if they do not help federal deportation efforts is 29%.
15. Among U.S. adults, the net - approval proportion of cutting federal funds for cities and states if they do not help federal deportation efforts is 47.
16. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who strongly disapprove of suspending asylum applications from people seeking to live in the U.S. is 30%.
17. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who somewhat disapprove of suspending asylum applications from people seeking to live in the U.S. is 25%.
18. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who somewhat approve of suspending asylum applications from people seeking to live in the U.S. is 23%.
19. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who strongly approve of suspending asylum applications from people seeking to live in the U.S. is 21%.
20. Among U.S. adults, the net - approval proportion of suspending asylum applications from people seeking to live in the U.S. is 44.
21. The survey period is from Jan. 27 - Feb. 2, 2025. 