1. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of Democrats/Lean Democrats who approve of increasing efforts to deport people living in the U.S. illegally is 33%.
2. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans who approve of increasing efforts to deport people living in the U.S. illegally is 86%.
3. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of all - respondents who approve of increasing efforts to deport people living in the U.S. illegally is 59%.
4. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of Democrats/Lean Democrats who approve of sending additional military forces to the U.S.-Mexico border is 30%.
5. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans who approve of sending additional military forces to the U.S.-Mexico border is 88%.
6. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of all - respondents who approve of sending additional military forces to the U.S.-Mexico border is 58%.
7. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of Democrats/Lean Democrats who approve of cutting federal funds for cities and states if they do not help federal deportation efforts is 16%.
8. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans who approve of cutting federal funds for cities and states if they do not help federal deportation efforts is 80%.
9. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of all - respondents who approve of cutting federal funds for cities and states if they do not help federal deportation efforts is 47%.
10. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of Democrats/Lean Democrats who approve of suspending asylum applications from people seeking to live in the U.S. is 18%.
11. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans who approve of suspending asylum applications from people seeking to live in the U.S. is 72%.
12. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of all - respondents who approve of suspending asylum applications from people seeking to live in the U.S. is 44%.
The survey period is from Jan. 27 - Feb. 2, 2025. 