1. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of those living with a partner who said love was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 73%.
2. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of married adults who said love was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 90%.
3. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of those living with a partner who said companionship was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 61%.
4. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of married adults who said companionship was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 66%.
5. Among married adults, the proportion who said they wanted to make a formal commitment was a major reason for marriage is 63%.
6. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of those living with a partner who said they wanted to have children someday was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 14%.
7. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of married adults who said they wanted to have children someday was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 31%.
8. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of those living with a partner who said it made sense financially was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 13%.
9. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of married adults who said it made sense financially was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 38%.
10. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of those living with a partner who said it was convenient was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 10%.
11. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of married adults who said it was convenient was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 37%.
12. Among co - living adults, the proportion who said they wanted to test the relationship was a major reason for moving in with a partner is 23%.
13. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of those living with a partner who said they or their partner were pregnant was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 6%.
14. Among married or co - living adults, the proportion of married adults who said they or their partner were pregnant was a major reason for marriage or moving in with a partner is 11%.
The survey period is from June 25th to July 8th, 2019. 