1. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "Partner is not ready financially" as a major reason is 29%.
2. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "Partner is not ready financially" as a minor reason is 24%.
3. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the net proportion citing "Partner is not ready financially" is 53%.
4. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "They are not ready financially" as a major reason is 27%.
5. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "They are not ready financially" as a minor reason is 29%.
6. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the net proportion citing "They are not ready financially" is 56%.
7. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "Partner is not ready to make that kind of commitment" as a major reason is 26%.
8. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "Partner is not ready to make that kind of commitment" as a minor reason is 21%.
9. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the net proportion citing "Partner is not ready to make that kind of commitment" is 47%.
10. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "They are not far enough along in their job or career" as a major reason is 21%.
11. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "They are not far enough along in their job or career" as a minor reason is 24%.
12. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the net proportion citing "They are not far enough along in their job or career" is 44%.
13. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "Not sure their partner is the right person for them" as a major reason is 17%.
14. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "Not sure their partner is the right person for them" as a minor reason is 21%.
15. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the net proportion citing "Not sure their partner is the right person for them" is 39%.
16. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "They are not ready to make that kind of commitment" as a major reason is 14%.
17. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the proportion citing "They are not ready to make that kind of commitment" as a minor reason is 29%.
18. Among co - habiting adults who are not engaged but want to marry someday, the net proportion citing "They are not ready to make that kind of commitment" is 44%. 