1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving while distracted by their cellphones is a major problem in their local community is 78%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving while distracted by their cellphones is a minor problem in their local community is 18%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the net - proportion (major + minor) who say people driving while distracted by their cellphones is a problem in their local community is 96%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving too fast is a major problem in their local community is 63%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving too fast is a minor problem in their local community is 31%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the net - proportion (major + minor) who say people driving too fast is a problem in their local community is 94%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving aggressively (such as tailgating, weaving through traffic, or running red lights) is a major problem in their local community is 63%.
8. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving aggressively (such as tailgating, weaving through traffic, or running red lights) is a minor problem in their local community is 30%.
9. Among U.S. adults, the net - proportion (major + minor) who say people driving aggressively (such as tailgating, weaving through traffic, or running red lights) is a problem in their local community is 93%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving under the influence of alcohol is a major problem in their local community is 51%.
11. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving under the influence of alcohol is a minor problem in their local community is 41%.
12. Among U.S. adults, the net - proportion (major + minor) who say people driving under the influence of alcohol is a problem in their local community is 92%.
13. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving in a way that puts cyclists or pedestrians at risk is a major problem in their local community is 47%.
14. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving in a way that puts cyclists or pedestrians at risk is a minor problem in their local community is 41%.
15. Among U.S. adults, the net - proportion (major + minor) who say people driving in a way that puts cyclists or pedestrians at risk is a problem in their local community is 88%.
16. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving under the influence of marijuana is a major problem in their local community is 37%.
17. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say people driving under the influence of marijuana is a minor problem in their local community is 45%.
18. Among U.S. adults, the net - proportion (major + minor) who say people driving under the influence of marijuana is a problem in their local community is 82%.
19. The survey period is from Aug. 12 - 18, 2024. 