1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in urban areas who say people driving while distracted by their cellphones is a major problem in their local community is 80%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in suburban areas who say people driving while distracted by their cellphones is a major problem in their local community is 78%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in rural areas who say people driving while distracted by their cellphones is a major problem in their local community is 76%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in urban areas who say people driving aggressively (such as by tailgating, weaving through traffic, or running red lights) is a major problem in their local community is 69%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in suburban areas who say people driving aggressively (such as by tailgating, weaving through traffic, or running red lights) is a major problem in their local community is 65%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in rural areas who say people driving aggressively (such as by tailgating, weaving through traffic, or running red lights) is a major problem in their local community is 54%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in urban areas who say people driving too fast is a major problem in their local community is 67%.
8. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in suburban areas who say people driving too fast is a major problem in their local community is 63%.
9. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in rural areas who say people driving too fast is a major problem in their local community is 58%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in urban areas who say people driving under the influence of alcohol is a major problem in their local community is 57%.
11. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in suburban areas who say people driving under the influence of alcohol is a major problem in their local community is 48%.
12. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in rural areas who say people driving under the influence of alcohol is a major problem in their local community is 49%.
13. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in urban areas who say people driving in a way that puts cyclists or pedestrians at risk is a major problem in their local community is 56%.
14. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in suburban areas who say people driving in a way that puts cyclists or pedestrians at risk is a major problem in their local community is 47%.
15. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in rural areas who say people driving in a way that puts cyclists or pedestrians at risk is a major problem in their local community is 37%.
16. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in urban areas who say people driving under the influence of marijuana is a major problem in their local community is 42%.
17. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in suburban areas who say people driving under the influence of marijuana is a major problem in their local community is 36%.
18. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those in rural areas who say people driving under the influence of marijuana is a major problem in their local community is 35%.
19. The survey period is from Aug. 12 - 18, 2024. 