1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot more safely compared with five years ago is 9%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat more safely compared with five years ago is 7%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat less safely compared with five years ago is 26%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot less safely compared with five years ago is 23%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving neither more nor less safely compared with five years ago is 35%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who are not sure is 7%.
7. Among urban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot more safely compared with five years ago is 11%.
8. Among urban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat more safely compared with five years ago is 9%.
9. Among urban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat less safely compared with five years ago is 23%.
10. Among urban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot less safely compared with five years ago is 23%.
11. Among urban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving neither more nor less safely compared with five years ago is 33%.
12. Among urban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who are not sure is 10%.
13. Among suburban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot more safely compared with five years ago is 8%.
14. Among suburban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat more safely compared with five years ago is 6%.
15. Among suburban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat less safely compared with five years ago is 27%.
16. Among suburban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot less safely compared with five years ago is 24%.
17. Among suburban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving neither more nor less safely compared with five years ago is 35%.
18. Among suburban U.S. adults, the proportion of those who are not sure is 6%.
19. Among rural U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot more safely compared with five years ago is 10%.
20. Among rural U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat more safely compared with five years ago is 8%.
21. Among rural U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat less safely compared with five years ago is 24%.
22. Among rural U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot less safely compared with five years ago is 22%.
23. Among rural U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving neither more nor less safely compared with five years ago is 37%.
24. Among rural U.S. adults, the proportion of those who are not sure is 7%.
25. Among U.S. adults who personally drive at least once a week, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot more safely compared with five years ago is 8%.
26. Among U.S. adults who personally drive at least once a week, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat more safely compared with five years ago is 7%.
27. Among U.S. adults who personally drive at least once a week, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat less safely compared with five years ago is 27%.
28. Among U.S. adults who personally drive at least once a week, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot less safely compared with five years ago is 24%.
29. Among U.S. adults who personally drive at least once a week, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving neither more nor less safely compared with five years ago is 35%.
30. Among U.S. adults who personally drive at least once a week, the proportion of those who are not sure is 6%.
31. Among U.S. adults who personally drive less often, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot more safely compared with five years ago is 13%.
32. Among U.S. adults who personally drive less often, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat more safely compared with five years ago is 10%.
33. Among U.S. adults who personally drive less often, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving somewhat less safely compared with five years ago is 19%.
34. Among U.S. adults who personally drive less often, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving a lot less safely compared with five years ago is 16%.
35. Among U.S. adults who personally drive less often, the proportion of those who say people in their local community are driving neither more nor less safely compared with five years ago is 35%.
36. Among U.S. adults who personally drive less often, the proportion of those who are not sure is 16%.
37. The survey period is from Aug. 12 - 18, 2024. 