1. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country is 41%.
2. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country is 55%.
3. Among Republicans/Lean Republicans, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country is 61%.
4. Among Republicans/Lean Republicans, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country is 35%.
5. Among Conservatives, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country is 69%.
6. Among Conservatives, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country is 26%.
7. Among Moderates/Liberals, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country is 47%.
8. Among Moderates/Liberals, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country is 52%.
9. Among Democrats/Lean Democrats, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country is 23%.
10. Among Democrats/Lean Democrats, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country is 75%.
11. Among Conservative/Moderates, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country is 32%.
12. Among Conservative/Moderates, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country is 66%.
13. Among Liberals, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country is 12%.
14. Among Liberals, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country is 86%.
15. Among union - members, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country is 23%.
16. Among union - members, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country is 74%.
17. Among non - members, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country is 43%.
18. Among non - members, the proportion of those who say labor unions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country is 53%.
19. The survey period is from Jan. 16 - 21, 2024. 