1. Among registered voters, the proportion of those who say Kamala Harris' policies would make things worse for union - members is 27%.
2. Among registered voters, the proportion of those who say Kamala Harris' policies would not change things much either way for union - members is 34%.
3. Among registered voters, the proportion of those who say Kamala Harris' policies would make things better for union - members is 38%.
4. Among registered voters, the proportion of those who say Donald Trump's policies would make things worse for union - members is 40%.
5. Among registered voters, the proportion of those who say Donald Trump's policies would not change things much either way for union - members is 30%.
6. Among registered voters, the proportion of those who say Donald Trump's policies would make things better for union - members is 28%.
7. Among union members, the proportion of those who say Kamala Harris' policies would make things worse for union - members is 23%.
8. Among union members, the proportion of those who say Kamala Harris' policies would not change things much either way for union - members is 32%.
9. Among union members, the proportion of those who say Kamala Harris' policies would make things better for union - members is 43%.
10. Among union members, the proportion of those who say Donald Trump's policies would make things worse for union - members is 46%.
11. Among union members, the proportion of those who say Donald Trump's policies would not change things much either way for union - members is 27%.
12. Among union members, the proportion of those who say Donald Trump's policies would make things better for union - members is 26%.
13. Among non - members, the proportion of those who say Kamala Harris' policies would make things worse for union - members is 28%.
14. Among non - members, the proportion of those who say Kamala Harris' policies would not change things much either way for union - members is 34%.
15. Among non - members, the proportion of those who say Kamala Harris' policies would make things better for union - members is 37%.
16. Among non - members, the proportion of those who say Donald Trump's policies would make things worse for union - members is 39%.
17. Among non - members, the proportion of those who say Donald Trump's policies would not change things much either way for union - members is 30%.
18. Among non - members, the proportion of those who say Donald Trump's policies would make things better for union - members is 29%.