1. Among all public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing an excellent/very good job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 30%.
2. Among all public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing a good job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 30%.
3. Among all public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing a fair/poor job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 39%.
4. Among urban public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing an excellent/very good job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 21%.
5. Among urban public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing a good job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 31%.
6. Among urban public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing a fair/poor job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 45%.
7. Among suburban public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing an excellent/very good job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 32%.
8. Among suburban public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing a good job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 29%.
9. Among suburban public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing a fair/poor job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 38%.
10. Among rural public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing an excellent/very good job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 35%.
11. Among rural public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing a good job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 28%.
12. Among rural public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say their school is doing a fair/poor job providing training and resources to deal with a potential active shooter is 35%.
13. The survey period is from October 17th to November 14th, 2023. 