1. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say improving mental health screening and treatment for children and adults is extremely/very effective at preventing school shootings is 69%.
2. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say improving mental health screening and treatment for children and adults is somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 24%.
3. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say improving mental health screening and treatment for children and adults is not too/not at all effective at preventing school shootings is 5%.
4. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say having police officers or armed security stationed in schools is extremely/very effective at preventing school shootings is 49%.
5. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say having police officers or armed security stationed in schools is somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 33%.
6. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say having police officers or armed security stationed in schools is not too/not at all effective at preventing school shootings is 16%.
7. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say having metal detectors in schools is extremely/very effective at preventing school shootings is 33%.
8. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say having metal detectors in schools is somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 39%.
9. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say having metal detectors in schools is not too/not at all effective at preventing school shootings is 26%.
10. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say allowing teachers and school administrators to carry guns in schools is extremely/very effective at preventing school shootings is 13%.
11. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say allowing teachers and school administrators to carry guns in schools is somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 15%.
12. Among public K - 12 teachers, the proportion who say allowing teachers and school administrators to carry guns in schools is not too/not at all effective at preventing school shootings is 70%.
13. The survey period is from October 17th to November 14th, 2023. 