1. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans who think improving mental health screening and treatment for children and adults would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is 66%.
2. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the proportion of Democrats/Lean Democrats who think improving mental health screening and treatment for children and adults would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is 73%.
3. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the difference in the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans and Democrats/Lean Democrats who think improving mental health screening and treatment for children and adults would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is -7.
4. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans who think having police officers or armed security stationed in schools would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is 37%.
5. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the proportion of Democrats/Lean Democrats who think having police officers or armed security stationed in schools would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is 69%.
6. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the difference in the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans and Democrats/Lean Democrats who think having police officers or armed security stationed in schools would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is 32.
7. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans who think having metal detectors in schools would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is 27%.
8. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the proportion of Democrats/Lean Democrats who think having metal detectors in schools would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is 43%.
9. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the difference in the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans and Democrats/Lean Democrats who think having metal detectors in schools would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is 16.
10. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans who think allowing teachers and school administrators to carry guns in schools would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is 3%.
11. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the proportion of Democrats/Lean Democrats who think allowing teachers and school administrators to carry guns in schools would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is 28%.
12. Among U.S. public K - 12 teachers, the difference in the proportion of Republicans/Lean Republicans and Democrats/Lean Democrats who think allowing teachers and school administrators to carry guns in schools would be extremely or very effective at preventing school shootings is 25.
13. The survey period is from October 17th to November 14th, 2023. 