1. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of the total group who first did this within the past year is 16%.
2. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of the total group who first did this 1 to 5 years ago is 74%.
3. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of the total group who first did this more than 5 years ago is 10%.
4. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of white - people who first did this within the past year is 12%.
5. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of white - people who first did this 1 to 5 years ago is 75%.
6. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of white - people who first did this more than 5 years ago is 12%.
7. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of Black people who first did this within the past year is 27%.
8. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of Black people who first did this 1 to 5 years ago is 67%.
9. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of Black people who first did this more than 5 years ago is 6%.
10. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of Hispanic people who first did this within the past year is 21%.
11. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of Hispanic people who first did this 1 to 5 years ago is 72%.
12. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of Hispanic people who first did this more than 5 years ago is 7%.
13. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of upper - income people who first did this within the past year is 8%.
14. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of upper - income people who first did this 1 to 5 years ago is 76%.
15. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of upper - income people who first did this more than 5 years ago is 15%.
16. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of middle - income people who first did this within the past year is 13%.
17. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of middle - income people who first did this 1 to 5 years ago is 76%.
18. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of middle - income people who first did this more than 5 years ago is 10%.
19. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of lower - income people who first did this within the past year is 31%.
20. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of lower - income people who first did this 1 to 5 years ago is 61%.
21. Among U.S. adults who have ever invested in, traded or used cryptocurrency, the proportion of lower - income people who first did this more than 5 years ago is 7%.
22. The survey of U.S. adults was conducted from March 13 - 19, 2023. 