1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who are not too/not at all likely to seriously consider purchasing an electric vehicle the next time they purchase a vehicle is 50%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who are very/somewhat likely to seriously consider purchasing an electric vehicle the next time they purchase a vehicle is 38%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who don't plan to purchase a vehicle is 13%.
4. Among those who are extremely/very confident that the U.S. will build the charging stations needed to support large numbers of EVs, the proportion of those who are not too/not at all likely to seriously consider purchasing an electric vehicle the next time they purchase a vehicle is 22%.
5. Among those who are extremely/very confident that the U.S. will build the charging stations needed to support large numbers of EVs, the proportion of those who are very/somewhat likely to seriously consider purchasing an electric vehicle the next time they purchase a vehicle is 68%.
6. Among those who are extremely/very confident that the U.S. will build the charging stations needed to support large numbers of EVs, the proportion of those who don't plan to purchase a vehicle is 9%.
7. Among those who are somewhat confident that the U.S. will build the charging stations needed to support large numbers of EVs, the proportion of those who are not too/not at all likely to seriously consider purchasing an electric vehicle the next time they purchase a vehicle is 32%.
8. Among those who are somewhat confident that the U.S. will build the charging stations needed to support large numbers of EVs, the proportion of those who are very/somewhat likely to seriously consider purchasing an electric vehicle the next time they purchase a vehicle is 53%.
9. Among those who are somewhat confident that the U.S. will build the charging stations needed to support large numbers of EVs, the proportion of those who don't plan to purchase a vehicle is 15%.
10. Among those who are not too/not at all confident that the U.S. will build the charging stations needed to support large numbers of EVs, the proportion of those who are not too/not at all likely to seriously consider purchasing an electric vehicle the next time they purchase a vehicle is 68%.
11. Among those who are not too/not at all confident that the U.S. will build the charging stations needed to support large numbers of EVs, the proportion of those who are very/somewhat likely to seriously consider purchasing an electric vehicle the next time they purchase a vehicle is 19%.
12. Among those who are not too/not at all confident that the U.S. will build the charging stations needed to support large numbers of EVs, the proportion of those who don't plan to purchase a vehicle is 12%.