1. The proportion of Americans who say spending time with family is one of the most important things to them personally is 73%.
2. The proportion of Americans who say spending time with family is very important but not the most important to them personally is 18%.
3. The proportion of Americans who say spending time with family is somewhat important to them personally is 8%.
4. The proportion of Americans who say practicing their religious faith is one of the most important things to them personally is 32%.
5. The proportion of Americans who say practicing their religious faith is very important but not the most important to them personally is 18%.
6. The proportion of Americans who say practicing their religious faith is somewhat important to them personally is 21%.
7. The proportion of Americans who say practicing their religious faith is not important to them personally is 28%.
8. The proportion of Americans who say being physically active is one of the most important things to them personally is 31%.
9. The proportion of Americans who say being physically active is very important but not the most important to them personally is 43%.
10. The proportion of Americans who say being physically active is somewhat important to them personally is 23%.
11. The proportion of Americans who say being outdoors and experiencing nature is one of the most important things to them personally is 29%.
12. The proportion of Americans who say being outdoors and experiencing nature is very important but not the most important to them personally is 43%.
13. The proportion of Americans who say being outdoors and experiencing nature is somewhat important to them personally is 23%.
14. The proportion of Americans who say being successful in their career is one of the most important things to them personally is 23%.
15. The proportion of Americans who say being successful in their career is very important but not the most important to them personally is 43%.
16. The proportion of Americans who say being successful in their career is somewhat important to them personally is 23%.
17. The proportion of Americans who say being successful in their career is not important to them personally is 10%.
18. The proportion of Americans who say participating in creative activities such as music, art or writing is one of the most important things to them personally is 13%.
19. The proportion of Americans who say participating in creative activities such as music, art or writing is very important but not the most important to them personally is 30%.
20. The proportion of Americans who say participating in creative activities such as music, art or writing is somewhat important to them personally is 37%.
21. The proportion of Americans who say participating in creative activities such as music, art or writing is not important to them personally is 19%.
22. The proportion of Americans who say being involved with their community is one of the most important things to them personally is 8%.
23. The proportion of Americans who say being involved with their community is very important but not the most important to them personally is 32%.
24. The proportion of Americans who say being involved with their community is somewhat important to them personally is 47%.
25. The proportion of Americans who say being involved with their community is not important to them personally is 13%.
26. The proportion of Americans who say being involved in social or political causes is one of the most important things to them personally is 22%.
27. The proportion of Americans who say being involved in social or political causes is very important but not the most important to them personally is 44%.
28. The proportion of Americans who say being involved in social or political causes is somewhat important to them personally is 28%.
The survey period is from March 27 - April 2, 2023. 