1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Democrats/lean - Dem who think improving mental health screening and treatment is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 89%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Republicans/lean - Rep who think improving mental health screening and treatment is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 90%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of all adults who think improving mental health screening and treatment is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 89%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Democrats/lean - Dem who think preventing people with mental illnesses from purchasing guns is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 84%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Republicans/lean - Rep who think preventing people with mental illnesses from purchasing guns is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 87%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of all adults who think preventing people with mental illnesses from purchasing guns is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 85%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Democrats/lean - Dem who think having metal detectors in schools is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 78%.
8. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Republicans/lean - Rep who think having metal detectors in schools is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 84%.
9. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of all adults who think having metal detectors in schools is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 80%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Democrats/lean - Dem who think banning assault - style weapons is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 81%.
11. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Republicans/lean - Rep who think banning assault - style weapons is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 35%.
12. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of all adults who think banning assault - style weapons is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 61%.
13. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Democrats/lean - Dem who think allowing teachers and school officials to carry guns in schools is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 24%.
14. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Republicans/lean - Rep who think allowing teachers and school officials to carry guns in schools is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 78%.
15. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of all adults who think allowing teachers and school officials to carry guns in schools is very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings is 47%.
16. The survey period is from March 27 - April 9, 2018. 