1. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Republican Party is generally unfriendly toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 71%.
2. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Republican Party is generally friendly toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 5%.
3. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Republican Party is generally neutral toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 13%.
4. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Republican Party is generally not sure - attitude toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 10%.
5. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Supreme Court is generally unfriendly toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 47%.
6. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Supreme Court is generally friendly toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 6%.
7. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Supreme Court is generally neutral toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 31%.
8. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Supreme Court is generally not sure - attitude toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 16%.
9. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the State government is generally unfriendly toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 26%.
10. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the State government is generally friendly toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 34%.
11. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the State government is generally neutral toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 28%.
12. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the State government is generally not sure - attitude toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 11%.
13. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Democratic Party is generally unfriendly toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 6%.
14. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Democratic Party is generally friendly toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 59%.
15. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Democratic Party is generally neutral toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 25%.
16. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Democratic Party is generally not sure - attitude toward people who are gay, lesbian or bisexual is 10%.
17. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Republican Party is generally unfriendly toward people who are transgender is 77%.
18. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Republican Party is generally friendly toward people who are transgender is 3%.
19. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Republican Party is generally neutral toward people who are transgender is 8%.
20. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Republican Party is generally not sure - attitude toward people who are transgender is 10%.
21. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Supreme Court is generally unfriendly toward people who are transgender is 56%.
22. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Supreme Court is generally friendly toward people who are transgender is 4%.
23. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Supreme Court is generally neutral toward people who are transgender is 22%.
24. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Supreme Court is generally not sure - attitude toward people who are transgender is 17%.
25. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the State government is generally unfriendly toward people who are transgender is 34%.
26. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the State government is generally friendly toward people who are transgender is 25%.
27. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the State government is generally neutral toward people who are transgender is 27%.
28. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the State government is generally not sure - attitude toward people who are transgender is 13%.
29. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Democratic Party is generally unfriendly toward people who are transgender is 11%.
30. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Democratic Party is generally friendly toward people who are transgender is 46%.
31. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Democratic Party is generally neutral toward people who are transgender is 32%.
32. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who say the Democratic Party is generally not sure - attitude toward people who are transgender is 11%. 