1. 37% of LGBTQ Republicans say the GOP is unfriendly toward trans people.
2. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion of those who say the Democratic Party is unfriendly toward gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 4%.
3. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion of those who say the Democratic Party is friendly toward gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 63%.
4. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion of those who say the Republican Party is unfriendly toward gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 84%.
5. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion of those who say the Republican Party is friendly toward gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 2%.
6. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion of those who say the Democratic Party is unfriendly toward transgender people is 10%.
7. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion of those who say the Democratic Party is friendly toward transgender people is 48%.
8. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion of those who say the Republican Party is unfriendly toward transgender people is 88%.
9. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion of those who say the Republican Party is friendly toward transgender people is 1%.
10. Among LGBTQ Republicans, the proportion of those who say the Democratic Party is unfriendly toward gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 12%.
11. Among LGBTQ Republicans, the proportion of those who say the Democratic Party is friendly toward gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 46%.
12. Among LGBTQ Republicans, the proportion of those who say the Republican Party is unfriendly toward gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 20%.
13. Among LGBTQ Republicans, the proportion of those who say the Republican Party is friendly toward gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 24%.
14. Among LGBTQ Republicans, the proportion of those who say the Democratic Party is unfriendly toward transgender people is 15%.
15. Among LGBTQ Republicans, the proportion of those who say the Democratic Party is friendly toward transgender people is 44%.
16. Among LGBTQ Republicans, the proportion of those who say the Republican Party is unfriendly toward transgender people is 37%.
17. Among LGBTQ Republicans, the proportion of those who say the Republican Party is friendly toward transgender people is 11%.
18. The survey of LGBTQ U.S. adults was conducted from Jan. 8 - 19, 2025. 