1. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who oppose/strongly oppose laws and policies that protect trans - people from discrimination in jobs, housing and public spaces such as restaurants/stores is 3%.
2. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who favor/strongly favor laws and policies that protect trans - people from discrimination in jobs, housing and public spaces such as restaurants/stores is 86%.
3. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who neither favor nor oppose laws and policies that protect trans - people from discrimination in jobs, housing and public spaces such as restaurants/stores is 11%.
4. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who oppose/strongly oppose laws and policies that require health insurance companies to cover medical care for gender transitions is 13%.
5. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who favor/strongly favor laws and policies that require health insurance companies to cover medical care for gender transitions is 61%.
6. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who neither favor nor oppose laws and policies that require health insurance companies to cover medical care for gender transitions is 25%.
7. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who oppose/strongly oppose laws and policies that require trans athletes to compete on teams that match the sex they were assigned at birth is 41%.
8. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who favor/strongly favor laws and policies that require trans athletes to compete on teams that match the sex they were assigned at birth is 29%.
9. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who neither favor nor oppose laws and policies that require trans athletes to compete on teams that match the sex they were assigned at birth is 30%.
10. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who oppose/strongly oppose laws and policies that make it illegal for health care professionals to provide minors with medical care for a gender transition is 48%.
11. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who favor/strongly favor laws and policies that make it illegal for health care professionals to provide minors with medical care for a gender transition is 28%.
12. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who neither favor nor oppose laws and policies that make it illegal for health care professionals to provide minors with medical care for a gender transition is 23%.
13. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who oppose/strongly oppose laws and policies that make it illegal for public school districts to teach about gender identity in elementary schools is 62%.
14. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who favor/strongly favor laws and policies that make it illegal for public school districts to teach about gender identity in elementary schools is 17%.
15. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who neither favor nor oppose laws and policies that make it illegal for public school districts to teach about gender identity in elementary schools is 20%.
16. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who oppose/strongly oppose laws and policies that require trans people to use public bathrooms that match the sex they were assigned at birth is 63%.
17. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who favor/strongly favor laws and policies that require trans people to use public bathrooms that match the sex they were assigned at birth is 15%.
18. Among LGBTQ adults, the proportion who neither favor nor oppose laws and policies that require trans people to use public bathrooms that match the sex they were assigned at birth is 21%.
The survey period is from Jan. 8 - 19, 2025. 