1. Among all LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a negative impact on gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 71%.
2. Among all LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a positive impact on gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 6%.
3. Among all LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have neither a positive nor negative impact on gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 13%.
4. Among all LGBTQ adults, the proportion who don't expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to be put in place (for gay, lesbian or bisexual people) is 9%.
5. Among Rep/Lean Rep LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a negative impact on gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 17%.
6. Among Rep/Lean Rep LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a positive impact on gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 24%.
7. Among Rep/Lean Rep LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have neither a positive nor negative impact on gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 35%.
8. Among Rep/Lean Rep LGBTQ adults, the proportion who don't expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to be put in place (for gay, lesbian or bisexual people) is 24%.
9. Among Dem/Lean Dem LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a negative impact on gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 83%.
10. Among Dem/Lean Dem LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a positive impact on gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 3%.
11. Among Dem/Lean Dem LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have neither a positive nor negative impact on gay, lesbian or bisexual people is 8%.
12. Among Dem/Lean Dem LGBTQ adults, the proportion who don't expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to be put in place (for gay, lesbian or bisexual people) is 6%.
13. Among all LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a negative impact on transgender people is 78%.
14. Among all LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a positive impact on transgender people is 4%.
15. Among all LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have neither a positive nor negative impact on transgender people is 9%.
16. Among all LGBTQ adults, the proportion who don't expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to be put in place (for transgender people) is 7%.
17. Among Rep/Lean Rep LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a negative impact on transgender people is 35%.
18. Among Rep/Lean Rep LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a positive impact on transgender people is 15%.
19. Among Rep/Lean Rep LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have neither a positive nor negative impact on transgender people is 30%.
20. Among Rep/Lean Rep LGBTQ adults, the proportion who don't expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to be put in place (for transgender people) is 19%.
21. Among Dem/Lean Dem LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a negative impact on transgender people is 88%.
22. Among Dem/Lean Dem LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have a positive impact on transgender people is 2%.
23. Among Dem/Lean Dem LGBTQ adults, the proportion who expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to have neither a positive nor negative impact on transgender people is 5%.
24. Among Dem/Lean Dem LGBTQ adults, the proportion who don't expect Trump's policies related to LGBTQ issues to be put in place (for transgender people) is 5%.