1. Among those who regularly get news on Rumble, the proportion of those who are very/somewhat satisfied with getting news on the site is 67%.
2. Among those who regularly get news on Rumble, the proportion of those who expect news and information on this site to be mostly accurate is 88%.
3. Among those who regularly get news on Rumble, the proportion of those who think news on this site helped them better understand current events is 69%.
4. Among those who regularly get news on Truth Social, the proportion of those who are very/somewhat satisfied with getting news on the site is 57%.
5. Among those who regularly get news on Truth Social, the proportion of those who expect news and information on this site to be mostly accurate is 87%.
6. Among those who regularly get news on Truth Social, the proportion of those who think news on this site helped them better understand current events is 58%.
7. Among those who regularly get news on Telegram, the proportion of those who are very/somewhat satisfied with getting news on the site is 54%.
8. Among those who regularly get news on Telegram, the proportion of those who expect news and information on this site to be mostly accurate is 75%.
9. Among those who regularly get news on Telegram, the proportion of those who think news on this site helped them better understand current events is 68%.
10. Among those who regularly get news on Parler, the proportion of those who are very/somewhat satisfied with getting news on the site is 52%.
11. Among those who regularly get news on Parler, the proportion of those who expect news and information on this site to be mostly accurate is 69%.
12. Among those who regularly get news on Parler, the proportion of those who think news on this site helped them better understand current events is 66%.
13. Among those who regularly get news on YouTube, the proportion of those who are very/somewhat satisfied with getting news on the site is 53%.
14. Among those who regularly get news on YouTube, the proportion of those who expect news and information on this site to be mostly accurate is 77%.
15. Among those who regularly get news on YouTube, the proportion of those who think news on this site helped them better understand current events is 60%.
16. Among those who regularly get news on Twitter, the proportion of those who are very/somewhat satisfied with getting news on the site is 41%.
17. Among those who regularly get news on Twitter, the proportion of those who expect news and information on this site to be mostly accurate is 66%.
18. Among those who regularly get news on Twitter, the proportion of those who think news on this site helped them better understand current events is 49%.
19. Among those who regularly get news on Facebook, the proportion of those who are very/somewhat satisfied with getting news on the site is 30%.
20. Among those who regularly get news on Facebook, the proportion of those who expect news and information on this site to be mostly accurate is 58%.
21. Among those who regularly get news on Facebook, the proportion of those who think news on this site helped them better understand current events is 31%. 