1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive extremely/fairly often is 26%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive sometimes is 33%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive rarely/never is 41%.
4. Among Black U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive extremely/fairly often is 39%.
5. Among Black U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive sometimes is 41%.
6. Among Black U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive rarely/never is 18%.
7. Among Asian U.S. adults (English - speakers only), the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive extremely/fairly often is 30%.
8. Among Asian U.S. adults (English - speakers only), the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive sometimes is 35%.
9. Among Asian U.S. adults (English - speakers only), the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive rarely/never is 35%.
10. Among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive extremely/fairly often is 27%.
11. Among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive sometimes is 36%.
12. Among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive rarely/never is 36%.
13. Among White U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive extremely/fairly often is 21%.
14. Among White U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive sometimes is 30%.
15. Among White U.S. adults, the proportion who say they see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive rarely/never is 48%.