1. Among U.S. Black adults who say they extremely/fairly often see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who are the same race or ethnicity as them is 50%.
2. Among U.S. Black adults who say they sometimes see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who are the same race or ethnicity as them is 40%.
3. Among U.S. Black adults who say they rarely/never see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who are the same race or ethnicity as them is 25%.
4. Among U.S. Black adults who say they extremely/fairly often see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who share their political views is 48.
5. Among U.S. Black adults who say they sometimes see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who share their political views is 45.
6. Among U.S. Black adults who say they rarely/never see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who share their political views is 31.
7. Among U.S. Black adults who say they extremely/fairly often see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who talk or sound like them is 39.
8. Among U.S. Black adults who say they sometimes see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who talk or sound like them is 35.
9. Among U.S. Black adults who say they rarely/never see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who talk or sound like them is 21.
10. Among U.S. Black adults who say they extremely/fairly often see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who share their religious views is 34.
11. Among U.S. Black adults who say they sometimes see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who share their religious views is 33.
12. Among U.S. Black adults who say they rarely/never see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who share their religious views is 29.
13. Among U.S. Black adults who say they extremely/fairly often see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who are around the same age as them is 32.
14. Among U.S. Black adults who say they sometimes see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who are around the same age as them is 27.
15. Among U.S. Black adults who say they rarely/never see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who are around the same age as them is 19.
16. Among U.S. Black adults who say they extremely/fairly often see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who are the same gender as them is 28.
17. Among U.S. Black adults who say they sometimes see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who are the same gender as them is 26.
18. Among U.S. Black adults who say they rarely/never see news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive, the proportion who say it is at least somewhat important that their news comes from journalists who are the same gender as them is 17.
The survey period is from Feb. 22 - March 5, 2023. 