1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Dem/Lean Dem who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 74%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Rep/Lean Rep who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 43%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the difference (DEM - REP) in the proportion of those who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 31.
4. Among White U.S. adults, the proportion of Dem/Lean Dem who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 69%.
5. Among White U.S. adults, the proportion of Rep/Lean Rep who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 40%.
6. Among White U.S. adults, the difference (DEM - REP) in the proportion of those who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 29.
7. Among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion of Dem/Lean Dem who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 72%.
8. Among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion of Rep/Lean Rep who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 47%.
9. Among Hispanic U.S. adults, the difference (DEM - REP) in the proportion of those who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 25.
10. Among Black U.S. adults, the proportion of Dem/Lean Dem who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 83%.
11. Among Black U.S. adults, the proportion of Rep/Lean Rep who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 73%.
12. Among Black U.S. adults, the difference (DEM - REP) in the proportion of those who say they at least sometimes see or hear news coverage about Black people that is racist or racially insensitive is 10. 