1. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is White, the proportion who had to speak up to get the proper care is 31%.
2. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is some other race, the proportion who had to speak up to get the proper care is 32%.
3. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is Black, the proportion who had to speak up to get the proper care is 52%.
4. Among all Hispanic adults, the proportion who had to speak up to get the proper care is 33%.
5. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is White, the proportion whose pain was not taken seriously is 30%.
6. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is some other race, the proportion whose pain was not taken seriously is 33%.
7. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is Black, the proportion whose pain was not taken seriously is 46%.
8. Among all Hispanic adults, the proportion whose pain was not taken seriously is 32%.
9. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is White, the proportion who were rushed by their health - care provider is 28%.
10. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is some other race, the proportion who were rushed by their health - care provider is 31%.
11. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is Black, the proportion who were rushed by their health - care provider is 50%.
12. Among all Hispanic adults, the proportion who were rushed by their health - care provider is 31%.
13. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is White, the proportion who felt they received lower - quality care than other patients is 22%.
14. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is some other race, the proportion who felt they received lower - quality care than other patients is 27%.
15. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is Black, the proportion who felt they received lower - quality care than other patients is 37%.
16. Among all Hispanic adults, the proportion who felt they received lower - quality care than other patients is 25%.
17. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is White, the proportion who felt they were treated with less respect than other patients is 20%.
18. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is some other race, the proportion who felt they were treated with less respect than other patients is 24%.
19. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is Black, the proportion who felt they were treated with less respect than other patients is 37%.
20. Among all Hispanic adults, the proportion who felt they were treated with less respect than other patients is 22%.
21. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is White, the proportion who were looked down on because of their weight or eating habits is 15%.
22. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is some other race, the proportion who were looked down on because of their weight or eating habits is 18%.
23. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is Black, the proportion who were looked down on because of their weight or eating habits is 32%.
24. Among all Hispanic adults, the proportion who were looked down on because of their weight or eating habits is 18%.
25. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is White, the proportion who had at least one of these six negative experiences is 50%.
26. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is some other race, the proportion who had at least one of these six negative experiences is 51%.
27. Among Hispanic adults who say their race is Black, the proportion who had at least one of these six negative experiences is 69%.
28. Among all Hispanic adults, the proportion who had at least one of these six negative experiences is 52%.
29. The survey was conducted from Nov. 30 - Dec. 12, 2021. 