1. The proportion of Hispanic adults who say health risks in jobs are a major reason for generally worse health outcomes is 53%.
2. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "more likely to work in jobs with risk for health problems" is a major reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 53%.
3. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "more likely to work in jobs with risk for health problems" is a minor reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 27%.
4. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "more likely to work in jobs with risk for health problems" is not a reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 19%.
5. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "less access to quality medical care where they live" is a major reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 48%.
6. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "less access to quality medical care where they live" is a minor reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 27%.
7. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "less access to quality medical care where they live" is not a reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 23%.
8. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "more communication problems from language, cultural differences" is a major reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 44%.
9. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "more communication problems from language, cultural differences" is a minor reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 33%.
10. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "more communication problems from language, cultural differences" is not a reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 21%.
11. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "are more likely to have preexisting health conditions" is a major reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 40%.
12. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "are more likely to have preexisting health conditions" is a minor reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 33%.
13. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "are more likely to have preexisting health conditions" is not a reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 26%.
14. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "live in communities with more environmental problems" is a major reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 38%.
15. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "live in communities with more environmental problems" is a minor reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 34%.
16. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "live in communities with more environmental problems" is not a reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 26%.
17. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "health care providers are less likely to give advanced care" is a major reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 30%.
18. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "health care providers are less likely to give advanced care" is a minor reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 33%.
19. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "health care providers are less likely to give advanced care" is not a reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 35%.
20. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "hospitals and medical centers give lower priority to well - being" is a major reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 27%.
21. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "hospitals and medical centers give lower priority to well - being" is a minor reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 33%.
22. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion who say "hospitals and medical centers give lower priority to well - being" is not a reason for generally worse health outcomes than other adults in the U.S. is 38%.
23. The survey was conducted from Nov. 30 - Dec. 12, 2021. 