1. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say the U.S. is providing not enough support to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 22%.
2. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say the U.S. is providing about right support to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 23%.
3. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say the U.S. is providing too much support to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 30%.
4. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who are not sure about the amount of support the U.S. is providing to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 24%.
5. Among Republicans/Lean - Rep, the proportion of those who say the U.S. is providing not enough support to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 10%.
6. Among Republicans/Lean - Rep, the proportion of those who say the U.S. is providing about right support to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 20%.
7. Among Republicans/Lean - Rep, the proportion of those who say the U.S. is providing too much support to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 47%.
8. Among Republicans/Lean - Rep, the proportion of those who are not sure about the amount of support the U.S. is providing to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 23%.
9. Among Democrats/Lean - Dem, the proportion of those who say the U.S. is providing not enough support to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 35%.
10. Among Democrats/Lean - Dem, the proportion of those who say the U.S. is providing about right support to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 27%.
11. Among Democrats/Lean - Dem, the proportion of those who say the U.S. is providing too much support to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 14%.
12. Among Democrats/Lean - Dem, the proportion of those who are not sure about the amount of support the U.S. is providing to Ukraine when it comes to Russia's invasion of Ukraine is 23%.
The survey period is from Feb. 3 - 9, 2025. 