1. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too easy to legally obtain a gun in the country is 61%.
2. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is about right to legally obtain a gun in the country is 30%.
3. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too hard to legally obtain a gun in the country is 9%.
4. Among urban - dwelling U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too easy to legally obtain a gun in the country is 72%.
5. Among urban - dwelling U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is about right to legally obtain a gun in the country is 21%.
6. Among urban - dwelling U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too hard to legally obtain a gun in the country is 7%.
7. Among suburban - dwelling U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too easy to legally obtain a gun in the country is 63%.
8. Among suburban - dwelling U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is about right to legally obtain a gun in the country is 28%.
9. Among suburban - dwelling U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too hard to legally obtain a gun in the country is 9%.
10. Among rural - dwelling U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too easy to legally obtain a gun in the country is 47%.
11. Among rural - dwelling U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is about right to legally obtain a gun in the country is 41%.
12. Among rural - dwelling U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too hard to legally obtain a gun in the country is 11%.
13. Among gun - owning U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too easy to legally obtain a gun in the country is 38%.
14. Among gun - owning U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is about right to legally obtain a gun in the country is 48%.
15. Among gun - owning U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too hard to legally obtain a gun in the country is 14%.
16. Among non - gun - owning U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too easy to legally obtain a gun in the country is 73%.
17. Among non - gun - owning U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is about right to legally obtain a gun in the country is 20%.
18. Among non - gun - owning U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too hard to legally obtain a gun in the country is 6%.
19. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too easy to legally obtain a gun in the country is 34%.
20. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is about right to legally obtain a gun in the country is 50%.
21. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too hard to legally obtain a gun in the country is 15%.
22. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too easy to legally obtain a gun in the country is 86%.
23. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is about right to legally obtain a gun in the country is 10%.
24. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it is too hard to legally obtain a gun in the country is 4%. 