1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 52%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 47%.
3. Among men, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 59%.
4. Among men, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 40%.
5. Among women, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 45%.
6. Among women, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 53%.
7. Among White adults, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 59%.
8. Among White adults, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 40%.
9. Among Black adults, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 41%.
10. Among Black adults, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 58%.
11. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 40%.
12. Among Hispanic adults, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 58%.
13. Among Asian* adults, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 27%.
14. Among Asian* adults, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 69%.
15. Among 18 - 29 - year - olds, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 40%.
16. Among 18 - 29 - year - olds, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 58%.
17. Among 30 - 49 - year - olds, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 51%.
18. Among 30 - 49 - year - olds, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 47%.
19. Among 50 - 64 - year - olds, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 57%.
20. Among 50 - 64 - year - olds, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 42%.
21. Among 65+ - year - olds, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 55%.
22. Among 65+ - year - olds, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 43%.
23. Among those with high school or less education, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 55%.
24. Among those with high school or less education, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 43%.
25. Among those with some college education, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 59%.
26. Among those with some college education, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 40%.
27. Among those with a bachelor's degree, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 47%.
28. Among those with a bachelor's degree, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 53%.
29. Among those with a postgraduate degree, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 35%.
30. Among those with a postgraduate degree, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 64%.
31. Among Rep/Lean Rep, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 81%.
32. Among Rep/Lean Rep, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 18%.
33. Among Conservatives, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 88%.
34. Among Conservatives, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 11%.
35. Among Moderate/Liberal, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 69%.
36. Among Moderate/Liberal, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 30%.
37. Among Dem/Lean Dem, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 26%.
38. Among Dem/Lean Dem, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 74%.
39. Among Conservative/Moderate, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 33%.
40. Among Conservative/Moderate, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 66%.
41. Among Liberals, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 16%.
42. Among Liberals, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 83%.
43. Among urban residents, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 40%.
44. Among urban residents, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 57%.
45. Among suburban residents, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 50%.
46. Among suburban residents, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 48%.
47. Among rural residents, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 64%.
48. Among rural residents, the proportion of those who say gun ownership does more to reduce safety by giving too many people access to firearms and increasing misuse is 34%.

* Estimates for Asian adults are representative of English - speakers only.
Note: Those who did not answer are not shown.
Source: Survey of U.S. adults conducted April 8 - 14, 2024.
PEW RESEARCH CENTER