1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those highly active in local - group and political activity who have paid for local news in the past year is 29%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those somewhat active in local - group and political activity who have paid for local news in the past year is 14%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those inactive in local - group and political activity who have paid for local news in the past year is 6%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those highly attached to the community who have paid for local news in the past year is 24%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those somewhat attached to the community who have paid for local news in the past year is 14%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those not very/at all attached to the community who have paid for local news in the past year is 7%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who rate the community excellent and have paid for local news in the past year is 20%.
8. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who rate the community good and have paid for local news in the past year is 13%.
9. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who rate the community fair/poor and have paid for local news in the past year is 8%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those highly active in local - group and political activity who say their local news outlets are doing well financially is 71%.
11. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those somewhat active in local - group and political activity who say their local news outlets are doing well financially is 74%.
12. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those inactive in local - group and political activity who say their local news outlets are doing well financially is 69%.
13. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those highly attached to the community who say their local news outlets are doing well financially is 75%.
14. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those somewhat attached to the community who say their local news outlets are doing well financially is 73%.
15. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those not very/at all attached to the community who say their local news outlets are doing well financially is 64%.
16. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who rate the community excellent and say their local news outlets are doing well financially is 74%.
17. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who rate the community good and say their local news outlets are doing well financially is 72%.
18. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who rate the community fair/poor and say their local news outlets are doing well financially is 61%.
19. The survey period is from Oct. 15 - Nov. 8, 2018. 