1. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say criminal charges for users who bully or harass on social media would help a lot in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 50%.
2. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say criminal charges for users who bully or harass on social media would help a little in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 32%.
3. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say criminal charges for users who bully or harass on social media would make no difference in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 17%.
4. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say permanently locking users out of their account if they bully or harass others would help a lot in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 50%.
5. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say permanently locking users out of their account if they bully or harass others would help a little in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 29%.
6. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say permanently locking users out of their account if they bully or harass others would make no difference in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 20%.
7. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say social - media companies looking for and deleting posts they think are bullying or harassing would help a lot in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 42%.
8. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say social - media companies looking for and deleting posts they think are bullying or harassing would help a little in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 34%.
9. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say social - media companies looking for and deleting posts they think are bullying or harassing would make no difference in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 23%.
10. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say requiring users of these platforms to use their real names and pictures would help a lot in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 37%.
11. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say requiring users of these platforms to use their real names and pictures would help a little in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 31%.
12. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say requiring users of these platforms to use their real names and pictures would make no difference in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 31%.
13. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say school districts monitoring students' social - media activity for bullying or harassment would help a lot in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 30%.
14. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say school districts monitoring students' social - media activity for bullying or harassment would help a little in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 35%.
15. Among U.S. teens, the proportion who say school districts monitoring students' social - media activity for bullying or harassment would make no difference in reducing the amount of harassment and bullying is 34%.
16. The survey period is from April 14 - May 4, 2022. 