1. Among Black adults, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Excellent is 25%.
2. Among Black adults, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Very good is 36%.
3. Among Black adults, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Good is 25%.
4. Among Black adults, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Fair is 11%.
5. Among Black adults, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Poor is 3%.
6. Among Black men, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Excellent is 25%.
7. Among Black men, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Very good is 33%.
8. Among Black men, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Good is 28%.
9. Among Black men, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Fair is 11%.
10. Among Black men, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Poor is 3%.
11. Among Black women, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Excellent is 24%.
12. Among Black women, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Very good is 39%.
13. Among Black women, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Good is 23%.
14. Among Black women, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Fair is 11%.
15. Among Black women, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Poor is 3%.
16. Among Black adults with upper income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Excellent is 29%.
17. Among Black adults with upper income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Very good is 44%.
18. Among Black adults with upper income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Good is 19%.
19. Among Black adults with upper income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Fair is 7%.
20. Among Black adults with upper income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Poor is 1%.
21. Among Black adults with middle income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Excellent is 24%.
22. Among Black adults with middle income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Very good is 42%.
23. Among Black adults with middle income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Good is 22%.
24. Among Black adults with middle income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Fair is 10%.
25. Among Black adults with middle income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Poor is 1%.
26. Among Black adults with lower income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Excellent is 23%.
27. Among Black adults with lower income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Very good is 31%.
28. Among Black adults with lower income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Good is 28%.
29. Among Black adults with lower income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Fair is 12%.
30. Among Black adults with lower income, the proportion who rate the quality of recently - received health care as Poor is 5%. 