1. Among Black adults, the proportion who say less access to quality medical care where they live is a major reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 63%.
2. Among Black adults, the proportion who say less access to quality medical care where they live is a minor reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 22%.
3. Among Black adults, the proportion who say less access to quality medical care where they live is not a reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 13%.
4. Among Black adults, the proportion who say living in communities with more environmental problems is a major reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 52%.
5. Among Black adults, the proportion who say living in communities with more environmental problems is a minor reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 29%.
6. Among Black adults, the proportion who say living in communities with more environmental problems is not a reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 16%.
7. Among Black adults, the proportion who say being more likely to have pre - existing health conditions is a major reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 51%.
8. Among Black adults, the proportion who say being more likely to have pre - existing health conditions is a minor reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 30%.
9. Among Black adults, the proportion who say being more likely to have pre - existing health conditions is not a reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 17%.
10. Among Black adults, the proportion who say health care providers are less likely to give advanced care is a major reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 49%.
11. Among Black adults, the proportion who say health care providers are less likely to give advanced care is a minor reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 30%.
12. Among Black adults, the proportion who say health care providers are less likely to give advanced care is not a reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 19%.
13. Among Black adults, the proportion who say being more likely to work in jobs with risk for health problems is a major reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 47%.
14. Among Black adults, the proportion who say being more likely to work in jobs with risk for health problems is a minor reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 31%.
15. Among Black adults, the proportion who say being more likely to work in jobs with risk for health problems is not a reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 20%.
16. Among Black adults, the proportion who say hospitals and medical centers give lower priority to well - being is a major reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 47%.
17. Among Black adults, the proportion who say hospitals and medical centers give lower priority to well - being is a minor reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 30%.
18. Among Black adults, the proportion who say hospitals and medical centers give lower priority to well - being is not a reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 20%.
19. Among Black adults, the proportion who say more communication problems from language, cultural differences is a major reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 24%.
20. Among Black adults, the proportion who say more communication problems from language, cultural differences is a minor reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 35%.
21. Among Black adults, the proportion who say more communication problems from language, cultural differences is not a reason for Black people in the U.S. generally having worse health outcomes than other adults is 38%. 