1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say large businesses and corporations are doing too little to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 67%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say large businesses and corporations are doing about the right amount to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 21%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say large businesses and corporations are doing too much to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 10%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say state - elected officials are doing too little to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 58%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say state - elected officials are doing about the right amount to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 25%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say state - elected officials are doing too much to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 15%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say ordinary Americans are doing too little to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 57%.
8. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say ordinary Americans are doing about the right amount to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 35%.
9. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say ordinary Americans are doing too much to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 7%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say the energy industry is doing too little to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 55%.
11. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say the energy industry is doing about the right amount to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 30%.
12. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say the energy industry is doing too much to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 13%.
13. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say local communities are doing too little to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 48%.
14. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say local communities are doing about the right amount to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 43%.
15. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say local communities are doing too much to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 8%.
16. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say themselves as individuals are doing too little to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 43%.
17. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say themselves as individuals are doing about the right amount to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 51%.
18. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say themselves as individuals are doing too much to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 5%.
19. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say environmental advocacy organizations are doing too little to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 31%.
20. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say environmental advocacy organizations are doing about the right amount to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 42%.
21. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say environmental advocacy organizations are doing too much to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 25%.
22. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say the federal government is doing too little to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 56%.
23. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say the federal government is doing about the right amount to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 23%.
24. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say the federal government is doing too much to help reduce the effects of global climate change is 20%.