1. Among U.S. adults who get crime - related information from people they know, 72% believe it's at least somewhat accurate.
2. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local law enforcement, the proportion who think the information is very accurate is 27%.
3. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local law enforcement, the proportion who think the information is somewhat accurate is 50%.
4. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local law enforcement, the proportion who think the information is not too accurate is 10%.
5. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local law enforcement, the proportion who are not sure is 12%.
6. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local news outlets, the proportion who think the information is very accurate is 20.
7. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local news outlets, the proportion who think the information is somewhat accurate is 58.
8. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local news outlets, the proportion who think the information is not too accurate is 11.
9. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local news outlets, the proportion who are not sure is 10.
10. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from friends, family, neighbors, the proportion who think the information is very accurate is 10.
11. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from friends, family, neighbors, the proportion who think the information is somewhat accurate is 62.
12. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from friends, family, neighbors, the proportion who think the information is not too accurate is 17.
13. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from friends, family, neighbors, the proportion who are not sure is 10.
14. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from locally - focused apps, the proportion who think the information is very accurate is 9.
15. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from locally - focused apps, the proportion who think the information is somewhat accurate is 48.
16. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from locally - focused apps, the proportion who think the information is not too accurate is 24.
17. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from locally - focused apps, the proportion who are not sure is 19.
18. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from social media, the proportion who think the information is very accurate is 7.
19. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from social media, the proportion who think the information is somewhat accurate is 53.
20. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from social media, the proportion who think the information is not too accurate is 26.
21. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from social media, the proportion who are not sure is 13.
22. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local politicians, the proportion who think the information is very accurate is 4.
23. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local politicians, the proportion who think the information is somewhat accurate is 42.
24. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local politicians, the proportion who think the information is not too accurate is 31.
25. Among U.S. adults who get news and information about local crime from local politicians, the proportion who are not sure is 22.
26. The survey was conducted by Pew Research Center on U.S. adults from Jan. 22 - 28, 2024. 