1. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a bad job (very bad + somewhat bad) dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 67%.
2. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a very bad job dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 48%.
3. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a somewhat bad job dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 20%.
4. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a somewhat good job dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 8%.
5. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a very good job dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 2%.
6. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a good job (somewhat good + very good) dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 10%.
7. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a bad job (very bad + somewhat bad) dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 38%.
8. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a very bad job dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 9%.
9. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a somewhat bad job dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 29%.
10. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a somewhat good job dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 53%.
11. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a very good job dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 7%.
12. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the Mexican government is doing a good job (somewhat good + very good) dealing with the large - number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 60%. 