1. Among American adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a bad (very bad + somewhat bad) job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 83%.
2. Among American adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a very bad job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 50%.
3. Among American adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a somewhat bad job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 33%.
4. Among American adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a somewhat good job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 14%.
5. Among American adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a very good job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 2%.
6. Among American adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a good (somewhat good + very good) job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 16%.
7. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a bad (very bad + somewhat bad) job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 52%.
8. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a very bad job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 13%.
9. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a somewhat bad job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 39%.
10. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a somewhat good job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 41%.
11. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a very good job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 4%.
12. Among Mexican adults surveyed, the proportion who say the U.S. government is doing a good (somewhat good + very good) job dealing with the large number of people seeking asylum at the U.S. - Mexico border is 45%. 