1. Among foreign - born Latinos, the proportion who think their own standard of living now is much/somewhat better than their parents' when they were the same age is 80%.
2. Among foreign - born Latinos, the proportion who think their own standard of living now is about the same as their parents' when they were the same age is 10%.
3. Among foreign - born Latinos, the proportion who think their own standard of living now is much/somewhat worse than their parents' when they were the same age is 9%.
4. Among second - generation Latinos, the proportion who think their own standard of living now is much/somewhat better than their parents' when they were the same age is 75%.
5. Among second - generation Latinos, the proportion who think their own standard of living now is about the same as their parents' when they were the same age is 13%.
6. Among second - generation Latinos, the proportion who think their own standard of living now is much/somewhat worse than their parents' when they were the same age is 11%.
7. Among third - generation or higher Latinos, the proportion who think their own standard of living now is much/somewhat better than their parents' when they were the same age is 66%.
8. Among third - generation or higher Latinos, the proportion who think their own standard of living now is about the same as their parents' when they were the same age is 15%.
9. Among third - generation or higher Latinos, the proportion who think their own standard of living now is much/somewhat worse than their parents' when they were the same age is 18%.
10. Among foreign - born Latinos, the proportion who think their children's standard of living will be much/somewhat better than theirs when they are the same age is 79%.
11. Among foreign - born Latinos, the proportion who think their children's standard of living will be about the same as theirs when they are the same age is 8%.
12. Among foreign - born Latinos, the proportion who think their children's standard of living will be much/somewhat worse than theirs when they are the same age is 9%.
13. Among second - generation Latinos, the proportion who think their children's standard of living will be much/somewhat better than theirs when they are the same age is 71%.
14. Among second - generation Latinos, the proportion who think their children's standard of living will be about the same as theirs when they are the same age is 12%.
15. Among second - generation Latinos, the proportion who think their children's standard of living will be much/somewhat worse than theirs when they are the same age is 14%.
16. Among third - generation or higher Latinos, the proportion who think their children's standard of living will be much/somewhat better than theirs when they are the same age is 60%.
17. Among third - generation or higher Latinos, the proportion who think their children's standard of living will be about the same as theirs when they are the same age is 13%.
18. Among third - generation or higher Latinos, the proportion who think their children's standard of living will be much/somewhat worse than theirs when they are the same age is 21%. 