1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too little emphasis on encouraging boys to talk about their feelings is 57%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too much emphasis on encouraging boys to talk about their feelings is 14%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's about right emphasis on encouraging boys to talk about their feelings is 29%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too little emphasis on encouraging girls to talk about their feelings is 31%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too much emphasis on encouraging girls to talk about their feelings is 12%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's about right emphasis on encouraging girls to talk about their feelings is 56%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too little emphasis on encouraging boys to do well in school is 43%.
8. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too much emphasis on encouraging boys to do well in school is 8%.
9. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's about right emphasis on encouraging boys to do well in school is 48%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too little emphasis on encouraging girls to do well in school is 27%.
11. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too much emphasis on encouraging girls to do well in school is 8%.
12. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's about right emphasis on encouraging girls to do well in school is 64%.
13. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too little emphasis on encouraging boys to stand up for themselves is 37%.
14. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too much emphasis on encouraging boys to stand up for themselves is 15%.
15. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's about right emphasis on encouraging boys to stand up for themselves is 46%.
16. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too little emphasis on encouraging girls to stand up for themselves is 41%.
17. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too much emphasis on encouraging girls to stand up for themselves is 9%.
18. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's about right emphasis on encouraging girls to stand up for themselves is 49%.
19. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too little emphasis on encouraging boys to be leaders is 36%.
20. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too much emphasis on encouraging boys to be leaders is 17%.
21. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's about right emphasis on encouraging boys to be leaders is 45%.
22. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too little emphasis on encouraging girls to be leaders is 38%.
23. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's too much emphasis on encouraging girls to be leaders is 12%.
24. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say there's about right emphasis on encouraging girls to be leaders is 49%.
25. The survey period is from Sept. 3 - 15, 2024. 