1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of men who say that when it comes to raising boys, there is too little emphasis on talking about their feelings is 51%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of women who say that when it comes to raising boys, there is too little emphasis on talking about their feelings is 63%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of men who say that when it comes to raising girls, there is too little emphasis on talking about their feelings is 26%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of women who say that when it comes to raising girls, there is too little emphasis on talking about their feelings is 37%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of men who say that when it comes to raising boys, there is too little emphasis on doing well in school is 49%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of women who say that when it comes to raising boys, there is too little emphasis on doing well in school is 39%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of men who say that when it comes to raising girls, there is too little emphasis on doing well in school is 24%.
8. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of women who say that when it comes to raising girls, there is too little emphasis on doing well in school is 29%.
9. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of men who say that when it comes to raising boys, there is too little emphasis on standing up for themselves is 44%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of women who say that when it comes to raising boys, there is too little emphasis on standing up for themselves is 31%.
11. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of men who say that when it comes to raising girls, there is too little emphasis on standing up for themselves is 37%.
12. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of women who say that when it comes to raising girls, there is too little emphasis on standing up for themselves is 45%.
13. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of men who say that when it comes to raising boys, there is too little emphasis on being leaders is 43%.
14. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of women who say that when it comes to raising boys, there is too little emphasis on being leaders is 31%.
15. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of men who say that when it comes to raising girls, there is too little emphasis on being leaders is 34%.
16. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of women who say that when it comes to raising girls, there is too little emphasis on being leaders is 42%.
17. The survey period is from Sept. 3 - 15, 2024. 