1. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of men who think women do more household chores and responsibilities is 34%.
2. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of men who think men do more household chores and responsibilities is 20%.
3. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of men who think both do household chores and responsibilities equally is 46%.
4. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of women who think women do more household chores and responsibilities is 59%.
5. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of women who think men do more household chores and responsibilities is 6%.
6. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of women who think both do household chores and responsibilities equally is 34%.
7. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of men who think women manage household finances more is 23%.
8. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of men who think men manage household finances more is 50%.
9. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of men who think both manage household finances equally is 27%.
10. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of women who think women manage household finances more is 47%.
11. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of women who think men manage household finances more is 25%.
12. Among married or co - living adults with an opposite - sex partner, the proportion of women who think both manage household finances equally is 28%.
13. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who think mothers manage their child(ren)'s schedule and activities more is 55%.
14. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who think fathers manage their child(ren)'s schedule and activities more is 9%.
15. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who think both manage their child(ren)'s schedule and activities equally is 36%.
16. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who think mothers manage their child(ren)'s schedule and activities more is 74%.
17. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who think fathers manage their child(ren)'s schedule and activities more is 3%.
18. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who think both manage their child(ren)'s schedule and activities equally is 23%.
19. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who think mothers are more involved parents is 30%.
20. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who think fathers are more involved parents is 7%.
21. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who think both are equally involved parents is 63%.
22. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who think mothers are more involved parents is 54%.
23. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who think fathers are more involved parents is 3%.
24. Among parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who think both are equally involved parents is 43%. 