1. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who felt like they couldn't give 100% at work since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 43%.
2. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who felt like they couldn't give 100% at work since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 54%.
3. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of all parents who felt like they couldn't give 100% at work since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 49%.
4. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who needed to reduce their work hours since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 26%.
5. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who needed to reduce their work hours since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 34%.
6. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of all parents who needed to reduce their work hours since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 30%.
7. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who turned down an important assignment at work since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 11%.
8. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who turned down an important assignment at work since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 15%.
9. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of all parents who turned down an important assignment at work since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 13%.
10. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who turned down a promotion since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 3%.
11. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who turned down a promotion since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 9%.
12. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of all parents who turned down a promotion since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 6%.
13. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who were treated as if they weren't committed to their work since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 11%.
14. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who were treated as if they weren't committed to their work since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 19%.
15. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of all parents who were treated as if they weren't committed to their work since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 15%.
16. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who were passed over for an important assignment since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 8%.
17. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who were passed over for an important assignment since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 11%.
18. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of all parents who were passed over for an important assignment since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 10%.
19. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of fathers who were passed over for a promotion since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 4%.
20. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of mothers who were passed over for a promotion since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 9%.
21. Among employed parents with children under 18 at home, the proportion of all parents who were passed over for a promotion since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak is 7%.
22. The survey period is from October 13 - 19, 2020. 