1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say freedom of the press should always be protected, even if it means false info could be published is 46%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say publication of false info should always be prevented, even if it means freedom of the press could be limited is 51%.
3. Among U.S. adult men, the proportion who say freedom of the press should always be protected, even if it means false info could be published is 53%.
4. Among U.S. adult men, the proportion who say publication of false info should always be prevented, even if it means freedom of the press could be limited is 46%.
5. Among U.S. adult women, the proportion who say freedom of the press should always be protected, even if it means false info could be published is 40%.
6. Among U.S. adult women, the proportion who say publication of false info should always be prevented, even if it means freedom of the press could be limited is 57%.
7. Among U.S. adult White people, the proportion who say freedom of the press should always be protected, even if it means false info could be published is 50%.
8. Among U.S. adult White people, the proportion who say publication of false info should always be prevented, even if it means freedom of the press could be limited is 48%.
9. Among U.S. adult Black people, the proportion who say freedom of the press should always be protected, even if it means false info could be published is 35%.
10. Among U.S. adult Black people, the proportion who say publication of false info should always be prevented, even if it means freedom of the press could be limited is 61%.
11. Among U.S. adult Hispanic people, the proportion who say freedom of the press should always be protected, even if it means false info could be published is 40%.
12. Among U.S. adult Hispanic people, the proportion who say publication of false info should always be prevented, even if it means freedom of the press could be limited is 56%.
13. Among U.S. adult Asian (English - speakers only) people, the proportion who say freedom of the press should always be protected, even if it means false info could be published is 38%.
14. Among U.S. adult Asian (English - speakers only) people, the proportion who say publication of false info should always be prevented, even if it means freedom of the press could be limited is 60%.
15. Among U.S. adult Rep/Lean Rep people, the proportion who say freedom of the press should always be protected, even if it means false info could be published is 57%.
16. Among U.S. adult Rep/Lean Rep people, the proportion who say publication of false info should always be prevented, even if it means freedom of the press could be limited is 42%.
17. Among U.S. adult Dem/Lean Dem people, the proportion who say freedom of the press should always be protected, even if it means false info could be published is 38%.
18. Among U.S. adult Dem/Lean Dem people, the proportion who say publication of false info should always be prevented, even if it means freedom of the press could be limited is 60%. 