1. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the proportion who say "Students would have fewer distractions" is a major reason is 91%.
2. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the proportion who say "Students would have fewer distractions" is a minor reason is 6%.
3. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the net proportion who say "Students would have fewer distractions" is a reason is 98%.
4. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the proportion who say "Students would develop better social skills" is a major reason is 70%.
5. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the proportion who say "Students would develop better social skills" is a minor reason is 21%.
6. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the net proportion who say "Students would develop better social skills" is a reason is 91%.
7. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the proportion who say "Students would be less likely to cheat" is a major reason is 50%.
8. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the proportion who say "Students would be less likely to cheat" is a minor reason is 35%.
9. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the net proportion who say "Students would be less likely to cheat" is a reason is 85%.
10. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the proportion who say "It would reduce bullying in schools" is a major reason is 39%.
11. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the proportion who say "It would reduce bullying in schools" is a minor reason is 31%.
12. Among U.S. adults who support a ban on middle and high school students using cell - phones during class, the net proportion who say "It would reduce bullying in schools" is a reason is 70%.
13. The survey period is from Sept. 30 - Oct. 6, 2024. 