1. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the proportion of those who say "Parents should be able to reach their child when needed" is a major reason is 60%.
2. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the proportion of those who say "Parents should be able to reach their child when needed" is a minor reason is 26%.
3. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the net - proportion of those who say "Parents should be able to reach their child when needed" is 86%.
4. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the proportion of those who say "A ban would be too difficult for teachers to enforce" is a major reason is 37%.
5. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the proportion of those who say "A ban would be too difficult for teachers to enforce" is a minor reason is 36%.
6. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the net - proportion of those who say "A ban would be too difficult for teachers to enforce" is 73%.
7. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the proportion of those who say "Cellphones can be a useful tool to teach students" is a major reason is 31%.
8. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the proportion of those who say "Cellphones can be a useful tool to teach students" is a minor reason is 39%.
9. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the net - proportion of those who say "Cellphones can be a useful tool to teach students" is 70%.
10. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the proportion of those who say "Parents should be able to decide if their child can use their cellphone in class" is a major reason is 32%.
11. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the proportion of those who say "Parents should be able to decide if their child can use their cellphone in class" is a minor reason is 31%.
12. Among U.S. adults who oppose a ban on middle and high school students using cellphones during class, the net - proportion of those who say "Parents should be able to decide if their child can use their cellphone in class" is 64%.
13. The survey period is from Sept. 30 - Oct. 6, 2024. 