1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 32%.
2. Among U.S. adults with post - graduate education, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 48%.
3. Among U.S. adults who are college graduates, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 38%.
4. Among U.S. adults with some college education, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 31%.
5. Among U.S. adults with high school or less education, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 24%.
6. Among Rep/lean Rep U.S. adults, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 11%.
7. Among Dem/lean Dem U.S. adults, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 52%.
8. Among Rep/lean Rep U.S. adults with post - graduate education, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 13%.
9. Among Rep/lean Rep U.S. adults who are college graduates, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 12%.
10. Among Rep/lean Rep U.S. adults with some college education, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 12%.
11. Among Rep/lean Rep U.S. adults with high school or less education, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 10%.
12. Among Dem/lean Dem U.S. adults with post - graduate education, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 72%.
13. Among Dem/lean Dem U.S. adults who are college graduates, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 63%.
14. Among Dem/lean Dem U.S. adults with some college education, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 52%.
15. Among Dem/lean Dem U.S. adults with high school or less education, the proportion who say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring is 36%.
The survey period is from Sept. 25 - Oct. 1, 2023. 