1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say climate scientists have too little influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 50%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say climate scientists have about the right amount of influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 22%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who say climate scientists have too much influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 26%.
4. Among Rep/lean Rep, the proportion who say climate scientists have too little influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 25%.
5. Among Rep/lean Rep, the proportion who say climate scientists have about the right amount of influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 25%.
6. Among Rep/lean Rep, the proportion who say climate scientists have too much influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 49%.
7. Among Dem/lean Dem, the proportion who say climate scientists have too little influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 75%.
8. Among Dem/lean Dem, the proportion who say climate scientists have about the right amount of influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 19%.
9. Among Dem/lean Dem, the proportion who say climate scientists have too much influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 6%.
10. Among Conservative Rep, the proportion who say climate scientists have too little influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 17%.
11. Among Conservative Rep, the proportion who say climate scientists have about the right amount of influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 22%.
12. Among Conservative Rep, the proportion who say climate scientists have too much influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 60%.
13. Among Mod/lib Rep, the proportion who say climate scientists have too little influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 40%.
14. Among Mod/lib Rep, the proportion who say climate scientists have about the right amount of influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 30%.
15. Among Mod/lib Rep, the proportion who say climate scientists have too much influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 29%.
16. Among Mod/conserv Dem, the proportion who say climate scientists have too little influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 66%.
17. Among Mod/conserv Dem, the proportion who say climate scientists have about the right amount of influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 25%.
18. Among Mod/conserv Dem, the proportion who say climate scientists have too much influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 8%.
19. Among Liberal Dem, the proportion who say climate scientists have too little influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 86%.
20. Among Liberal Dem, the proportion who say climate scientists have about the right amount of influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 11%.
21. Among Liberal Dem, the proportion who say climate scientists have too much influence in public - policy debates about addressing global climate change is 3%.