1. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of all U.S. adults who think it's a NET Bad thing for the country is 74%.
2. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of all U.S. adults who think it's Very bad for the country is 57%.
3. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of all U.S. adults who think it's Somewhat bad for the country is 17%.
4. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of all U.S. adults who think it's Somewhat good for the country is 16%.
5. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of all U.S. adults who think it's Very good for the country is 4%.
6. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of all U.S. adults who think it's a NET Good thing for the country is 20%.
7. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Rep/Lean Rep who think it's a NET Bad thing for the country is 50.
8. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Rep/Lean Rep who think it's Very bad for the country is 26.
9. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Rep/Lean Rep who think it's Somewhat bad for the country is 24.
10. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Rep/Lean Rep who think it's Somewhat good for the country is 32.
11. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Rep/Lean Rep who think it's Very good for the country is 9.
12. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Rep/Lean Rep who think it's a NET Good thing for the country is 41.
13. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Dem/Lean Dem who think it's a NET Bad thing for the country is 90.
14. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Dem/Lean Dem who think it's Very bad for the country is 77.
15. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Dem/Lean Dem who think it's Somewhat bad for the country is 13.
16. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Dem/Lean Dem who think it's Somewhat good for the country is 6.
17. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Dem/Lean Dem who think it's Very good for the country is 1.
18. Among U.S. adults who have heard or read about QAnon, the proportion of Dem/Lean Dem who think it's a NET Good thing for the country is 7.
19. The proportion of U.S. adults who didn't give an answer is 6%.
20. The proportion of Rep/Lean Rep who didn't give an answer is 9%.
21. The proportion of Dem/Lean Dem who didn't give an answer is 4%.
22. The survey period is from Aug. 31 - Sept. 7, 2020. 