1. Among urban Americans, the proportion of those who say none of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 20%.
2. Among urban Americans, the proportion of those who say only a few of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 27%.
3. Among urban Americans, the proportion of those who say some of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 22%.
4. Among urban Americans, the proportion of those who say all or most of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 28%.
5. Among suburban Americans, the proportion of those who say none of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 21%.
6. Among suburban Americans, the proportion of those who say only a few of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 24%.
7. Among suburban Americans, the proportion of those who say some of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 27%.
8. Among suburban Americans, the proportion of those who say all or most of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 27%.
9. Among rural Americans, the proportion of those who say none of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 16%.
10. Among rural Americans, the proportion of those who say only a few of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 21%.
11. Among rural Americans, the proportion of those who say some of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 30%.
12. Among rural Americans, the proportion of those who say all or most of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 31%.
13. Among Americans in the Northeast, the proportion of those who say none of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 20%.
14. Among Americans in the Northeast, the proportion of those who say only a few of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 18%.
15. Among Americans in the Northeast, the proportion of those who say some of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 29%.
16. Among Americans in the Northeast, the proportion of those who say all or most of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 32%.
17. Among Americans in the Midwest, the proportion of those who say none of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 14%.
18. Among Americans in the Midwest, the proportion of those who say only a few of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 23%.
19. Among Americans in the Midwest, the proportion of those who say some of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 29%.
20. Among Americans in the Midwest, the proportion of those who say all or most of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 33%.
21. Among Americans in the South, the proportion of those who say none of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 20%.
22. Among Americans in the South, the proportion of those who say only a few of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 25%.
23. Among Americans in the South, the proportion of those who say some of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 26%.
24. Among Americans in the South, the proportion of those who say all or most of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 28%.
25. Among Americans in the West, the proportion of those who say none of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 24%.
26. Among Americans in the West, the proportion of those who say only a few of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 27%.
27. Among Americans in the West, the proportion of those who say some of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 24%.
28. Among Americans in the West, the proportion of those who say all or most of their extended - family members live within an hour's drive is 22%.
29. The survey period is from Oct. 18 - 24, 2021. 