1. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say passing a security background check should be required is 79%.
2. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say passing a security background check should be considered, but not required is 16%.
3. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say passing a security background check should not be considered is 3%.
4. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say having a job should be required is 52%.
5. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say having a job should be considered, but not required is 39%.
6. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say having a job should not be considered is 7%.
7. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say paying a fine should be required is 25%.
8. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say paying a fine should be considered, but not required is 37%.
9. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say paying a fine should not be considered is 35%.
10. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say having come to the U.S. as a child should be required is 15%.
11. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say having come to the U.S. as a child should be considered, but not required is 63%.
12. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say having come to the U.S. as a child should not be considered is 20%.
13. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say having child(ren) born in the U.S. should be required is 14%.
14. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say having child(ren) born in the U.S. should be considered, but not required is 61%.
15. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say having child(ren) born in the U.S. should not be considered is 23%.
16. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say owning a home in the U.S. should be required is 7%.
17. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say owning a home in the U.S. should be considered, but not required is 46%.
18. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say owning a home in the U.S. should not be considered is 44%.
19. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say owning a business in the U.S. should be required is 7%.
20. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say owning a business in the U.S. should be considered, but not required is 50%.
21. Among U.S. adults who say undocumented immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. legally, the proportion of those who say owning a business in the U.S. should not be considered is 39%.
22. The survey period is from Aug. 5 - 11, 2024. 