1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country legally is 35%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should have a way to stay in the country legally if certain requirements are met is 64%.
3. Among White U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country legally is 42%.
4. Among White U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should have a way to stay in the country legally if certain requirements are met is 57%.
5. Among Black U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country legally is 25%.
6. Among Black U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should have a way to stay in the country legally if certain requirements are met is 73%.
7. Among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country legally is 20%.
8. Among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should have a way to stay in the country legally if certain requirements are met is 79%.
9. Among Asian U.S. adults (English - speakers only), the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country legally is 28%.
10. Among Asian U.S. adults (English - speakers only), the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should have a way to stay in the country legally if certain requirements are met is 72%.
11. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 29, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country legally is 22%.
12. Among U.S. adults aged 18 - 29, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should have a way to stay in the country legally if certain requirements are met is 77%.
13. Among U.S. adults aged 30 - 49, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country legally is 33%.
14. Among U.S. adults aged 30 - 49, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should have a way to stay in the country legally if certain requirements are met is 66%.
15. Among U.S. adults aged 50 - 64, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country legally is 43%.
16. Among U.S. adults aged 50 - 64, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should have a way to stay in the country legally if certain requirements are met is 57%.
17. Among U.S. adults aged 65+, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country legally is 43%.
18. Among U.S. adults aged 65+, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should have a way to stay in the country legally if certain requirements are met is 56%.
19. Among registered Trump - supporting voters, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country legally is 66%.
20. Among registered Trump - supporting voters, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should have a way to stay in the country legally if certain requirements are met is 33%.
21. Among registered Harris - supporting voters, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country legally is 12%.
22. Among registered Harris - supporting voters, the proportion of those who say undocumented immigrants should have a way to stay in the country legally if certain requirements are met is 87%.