1. Among employed American adults, the proportion of men who feel a great deal of pressure to focus on their responsibilities at home is 35%.
2. Among employed American adults, the proportion of women who feel a great deal of pressure to focus on their responsibilities at home is 48%.
3. Among employed American adults, the difference in the proportion of men and women who feel a great deal of pressure to focus on their responsibilities at home is -13.
4. Among employed American adults, the proportion of men who feel a great deal of pressure to support their family financially is 45%.
5. Among employed American adults, the proportion of women who feel a great deal of pressure to support their family financially is 47%.
6. Among employed American adults, the difference in the proportion of men and women who feel a great deal of pressure to support their family financially is 2.
7. Among employed American adults, the proportion of men who feel a great deal of pressure to be successful in their job or career is 36%.
8. Among employed American adults, the proportion of women who feel a great deal of pressure to be successful in their job or career is 39%.
9. Among employed American adults, the difference in the proportion of men and women who feel a great deal of pressure to be successful in their job or career is -3.
10. Among employed American parents, the proportion of fathers who feel a great deal of pressure to focus on their responsibilities at home is 45%.
11. Among employed American parents, the proportion of mothers who feel a great deal of pressure to focus on their responsibilities at home is 67%.
12. Among employed American parents, the difference in the proportion of fathers and mothers who feel a great deal of pressure to focus on their responsibilities at home is -22.
13. Among employed American parents, the proportion of fathers who feel a great deal of pressure to support their family financially is 57%.
14. Among employed American parents, the proportion of mothers who feel a great deal of pressure to support their family financially is 62%.
15. Among employed American parents, the difference in the proportion of fathers and mothers who feel a great deal of pressure to support their family financially is 5.
16. Among employed American parents, the proportion of fathers who feel a great deal of pressure to be successful in their job or career is 38%.
17. Among employed American parents, the proportion of mothers who feel a great deal of pressure to be successful in their job or career is 41%.
18. Among employed American parents, the difference in the proportion of fathers and mothers who feel a great deal of pressure to be successful in their job or career is -3. 