1. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations a great deal, the proportion who say news organizations are declining in influence is 24%.
2. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations a great deal, the proportion who say news organizations are growing in influence is 48%.
3. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations a great deal, the proportion who say news organizations are neither declining nor growing in influence is 28%.
4. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations some, the proportion who say news organizations are declining in influence is 29%.
5. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations some, the proportion who say news organizations are growing in influence is 44%.
6. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations some, the proportion who say news organizations are neither declining nor growing in influence is 26%.
7. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations not much, the proportion who say news organizations are declining in influence is 42%.
8. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations not much, the proportion who say news organizations are growing in influence is 34%.
9. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations not much, the proportion who say news organizations are neither declining nor growing in influence is 23%.
10. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations not at all, the proportion who say news organizations are declining in influence is 47%.
11. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations not at all, the proportion who say news organizations are growing in influence is 33%.
12. Among U.S. adults who trust the accuracy of political news from national news organizations not at all, the proportion who say news organizations are neither declining nor growing in influence is 19%.
13. The survey period is from March 8 - 14, 2021. 