1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say freedom of information should be protected, even if it means false information can be published, and think the U.S. government should take steps to restrict false information is 42%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say freedom of information should be protected, even if it means false information can be published, and think tech companies should take steps to restrict false information is 32%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say freedom of information should be protected, even if it means false information can be published, and think the U.S. government should take steps to restrict false information, compared with those who think tech companies should take such steps, has a difference of 10.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say freedom of information should be protected, even if it means extremely violent content can be published, and think the U.S. government should take steps to restrict extremely violent content is 38%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say freedom of information should be protected, even if it means extremely violent content can be published, and think tech companies should take steps to restrict extremely violent content is 26%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say freedom of information should be protected, even if it means extremely violent content can be published, and think the U.S. government should take steps to restrict extremely violent content, compared with those who think tech companies should take such steps, has a difference of 12.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say the U.S. government should take steps to restrict false information, even if it limits freedom of information is 55%.
8. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say tech companies should take steps to restrict false information, even if it limits freedom of information is 65%.
9. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say the U.S. government should take steps to restrict extremely violent content, even if it limits freedom of information is 60%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of those who say tech companies should take steps to restrict extremely violent content, even if it limits freedom of information is 71%.
The survey period is June 5 - 11, 2023. 