1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of religiously - affiliated who say it is at least somewhat important that the news they get comes from journalists or reporters who share their religious views is 26%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Protestants who say it is at least somewhat important that the news they get comes from journalists or reporters who share their religious views is 30%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of White evangelicals who say it is at least somewhat important that the news they get comes from journalists or reporters who share their religious views is 37%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of White nonevangelicals who say it is at least somewhat important that the news they get comes from journalists or reporters who share their religious views is 16%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Black Protestants who say it is at least somewhat important that the news they get comes from journalists or reporters who share their religious views is 33%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Catholics who say it is at least somewhat important that the news they get comes from journalists or reporters who share their religious views is 21%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of White Catholics who say it is at least somewhat important that the news they get comes from journalists or reporters who share their religious views is 17%.
8. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Hispanic Catholics who say it is at least somewhat important that the news they get comes from journalists or reporters who share their religious views is 28%.
9. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of Jewish who say it is at least somewhat important that the news they get comes from journalists or reporters who share their religious views is 10%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion of religiously unaffiliated who say it is at least somewhat important that the news they get comes from journalists or reporters who share their religious views is 15%.
11. The survey period is from March 13 - 19, 2023. 