1. Among all American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 53%.
2. Among all American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 41%.
3. Among all American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 6%.
4. Among white American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 55%.
5. Among white American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 41%.
6. Among white American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 4%.
7. Among black American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 52%.
8. Among black American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 35%.
9. Among black American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 11%.
10. Among Hispanic American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 47%.
11. Among Hispanic American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 47%.
12. Among Hispanic American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 5%.
13. Among Asian (English - speaking only) American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 50%.
14. Among Asian (English - speaking only) American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 42%.
15. Among Asian (English - speaking only) American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 6%.
16. Among American adults aged 18 - 29 surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 39%.
17. Among American adults aged 18 - 29 surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 51%.
18. Among American adults aged 18 - 29 surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 9%.
19. Among American adults aged 30 - 49 surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 43%.
20. Among American adults aged 30 - 49 surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 48%.
21. Among American adults aged 30 - 49 surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 8%.
22. Among American adults aged 50 - 64 surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 61%.
23. Among American adults aged 50 - 64 surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 35%.
24. Among American adults aged 50 - 64 surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 3%.
25. Among American adults aged 65+ surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 68%.
26. Among American adults aged 65+ surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 29%.
27. Among American adults aged 65+ surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 2%.
28. Among American adults with a college degree or higher surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 57%.
29. Among American adults with a college degree or higher surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 36%.
30. Among American adults with a college degree or higher surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 6%.
31. Among American adults with some college or less surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 50%.
32. Among American adults with some college or less surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 44%.
33. Among American adults with some college or less surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 5%.
34. Among Republican/Lean Republican American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 56%.
35. Among Republican/Lean Republican American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 40%.
36. Among Republican/Lean Republican American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 3%.
37. Among Democrat/Lean Democrat American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 50%.
38. Among Democrat/Lean Democrat American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 42%.
39. Among Democrat/Lean Democrat American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 7%.
40. Among lower - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 39%.
41. Among lower - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 51%.
42. Among lower - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 8%.
43. Among middle - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 56%.
44. Among middle - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 38%.
45. Among middle - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 5%.
46. Among upper - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream is still possible is 64%.
47. Among upper - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was once possible is 32%.
48. Among upper - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who think achieving the American - dream was never possible is 3%.
The survey period is from April 8 - 14, 2024.