1. Among all American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 31%.
2. Among all American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 36%.
3. Among all American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 30%.
4. Among White American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 39%.
5. Among White American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 29%.
6. Among White American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 30%.
7. Among Black American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 15%.
8. Among Black American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 48%.
9. Among Black American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 33%.
10. Among Hispanic American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 19%.
11. Among Hispanic American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 47%.
12. Among Hispanic American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 33%.
13. Among Asian - English - speaking American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 34%.
14. Among Asian - English - speaking American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 46%.
15. Among Asian - English - speaking American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 19%.
16. Among 18 - 29 - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 9%.
17. Among 18 - 29 - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 54%.
18. Among 18 - 29 - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 36%.
19. Among 30 - 49 - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 21%.
20. Among 30 - 49 - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 43%.
21. Among 30 - 49 - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 35%.
22. Among 50 - 64 - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 39%.
23. Among 50 - 64 - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 31%.
24. Among 50 - 64 - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 28%.
25. Among 65+ - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 57%.
26. Among 65+ - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 17%.
27. Among 65+ - year - old American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 23%.
28. Among American adults with a college degree or more surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 40%.
29. Among American adults with a college degree or more surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 37%.
30. Among American adults with a college degree or more surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 21%.
31. Among American adults with some college or less surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 27%.
32. Among American adults with some college or less surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 36%.
33. Among American adults with some college or less surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 35%.
34. Among Republican/Lean Republican American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 38%.
35. Among Republican/Lean Republican American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 34%.
36. Among Republican/Lean Republican American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 26%.
37. Among Democrat/Lean Democrat American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 28%.
38. Among Democrat/Lean Democrat American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 38%.
39. Among Democrat/Lean Democrat American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 33%.
40. Among lower - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 18%.
41. Among lower - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 34%.
42. Among lower - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 47%.
43. Among middle - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 34%.
44. Among middle - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 38%.
45. Among middle - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 27%.
46. Among upper - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they've achieved the American dream is 53%.
47. Among upper - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say they're on their way to achieving the American dream is 33%.
48. Among upper - income American adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say it's out of reach for them regarding the American dream is 14%.