1. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think smoking around other people is never acceptable is 49%.
2. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think smoking around other people is rarely acceptable is 28%.
3. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think smoking around other people is sometimes acceptable is 17%.
4. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think smoking around other people is usually - always acceptable is 5%.
5. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think taking a photo or video of someone without asking permission is never acceptable is 46%.
6. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think taking a photo or video of someone without asking permission is rarely acceptable is 27%.
7. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think taking a photo or video of someone without asking permission is sometimes acceptable is 18%.
8. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think taking a photo or video of someone without asking permission is usually - always acceptable is 8%.
9. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think bringing a child into a place that's typically for adults is never acceptable is 36%.
10. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think bringing a child into a place that's typically for adults is rarely acceptable is 33%.
11. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think bringing a child into a place that's typically for adults is sometimes acceptable is 24%.
12. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think bringing a child into a place that's typically for adults is usually - always acceptable is 7%.
13. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think visibly displaying swear words is never acceptable is 38%.
14. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think visibly displaying swear words is rarely acceptable is 28%.
15. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think visibly displaying swear words is sometimes acceptable is 21%.
16. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think visibly displaying swear words is usually - always acceptable is 13%.
17. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think cursing out loud is never acceptable is 38%.
18. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think cursing out loud is rarely acceptable is 27%.
19. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think cursing out loud is sometimes acceptable is 23%.
20. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think cursing out loud is usually - always acceptable is 12%.
21. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think playing music out loud is never acceptable is 26%.
22. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think playing music out loud is rarely acceptable is 32%.
23. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think playing music out loud is sometimes acceptable is 32%.
24. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think playing music out loud is usually - always acceptable is 9%.
25. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think wearing headphones or earbuds while talking to someone in - person is never acceptable is 29%.
26. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think wearing headphones or earbuds while talking to someone in - person is rarely acceptable is 28%.
27. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think wearing headphones or earbuds while talking to someone in - person is sometimes acceptable is 26%.
28. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think wearing headphones or earbuds while talking to someone in - person is usually - always acceptable is 17%.
29. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think bringing a pet into an indoor space like a grocery store or shop is never acceptable is 17%.
30. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think bringing a pet into an indoor space like a grocery store or shop is rarely acceptable is 28%.
31. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think bringing a pet into an indoor space like a grocery store or shop is sometimes acceptable is 40%.
32. Among U.S. adults, the proportion who think bringing a pet into an indoor space like a grocery store or shop is usually - always acceptable is 14%.
33. The survey period is from Nov. 12 - 17, 2024. 