1. In 2019, among all U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should only take a person's qualifications into account, even if it results in less diversity, is 74%.
2. In 2019, among all U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should take a person's race and ethnicity into account, in addition to qualifications, in order to increase diversity is 24%.
3. In 2019, among White U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should only take a person's qualifications into account, even if it results in less diversity, is 78%.
4. In 2019, among White U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should take a person's race and ethnicity into account, in addition to qualifications, in order to increase diversity is 21%.
5. In 2019, among Black U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should only take a person's qualifications into account, even if it results in less diversity, is 54%.
6. In 2019, among Black U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should take a person's race and ethnicity into account, in addition to qualifications, in order to increase diversity is 37%.
7. In 2019, among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should only take a person's qualifications into account, even if it results in less diversity, is 69%.
8. In 2019, among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should take a person's race and ethnicity into account, in addition to qualifications, in order to increase diversity is 27%.
9. In 2019, among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should only take a person's qualifications into account, even if it results in less diversity, is 90%.
10. In 2019, among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should take a person's race and ethnicity into account, in addition to qualifications, in order to increase diversity is 9%.
11. In 2019, among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should only take a person's qualifications into account, even if it results in less diversity, is 62%.
12. In 2019, among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults, the proportion of those saying companies and organizations should take a person's race and ethnicity into account, in addition to qualifications, in order to increase diversity is 36%. 