1. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes the overall admissions process less fair is 49%.
2. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes the overall admissions process more fair is 20%.
3. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes the overall admissions process less fair is 70%.
4. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes the overall admissions process more fair is 7%.
5. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes the overall admissions process less fair is 30%.
6. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes the overall admissions process more fair is 33%.
7. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say the students accepted to these colleges are less qualified when race - ethnicity is considered in admissions is 33%.
8. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say the students accepted to these colleges are more qualified when race - ethnicity is considered in admissions is 11%.
9. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say the students accepted to these colleges are less qualified when race - ethnicity is considered in admissions is 55%.
10. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say the students accepted to these colleges are more qualified when race - ethnicity is considered in admissions is 6%.
11. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say the students accepted to these colleges are less qualified when race - ethnicity is considered in admissions is 15%.
12. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say the students accepted to these colleges are more qualified when race - ethnicity is considered in admissions is 15%.
13. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes students' overall educational experiences worse is 26%.
14. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes students' overall educational experiences better is 27%.
15. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes students' overall educational experiences worse is 42%.
16. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes students' overall educational experiences better is 11%.
17. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes students' overall educational experiences worse is 11%.
18. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions makes students' overall educational experiences better is 45%.
19. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions is bad for ensuring equal opportunity for Americans of all racial and ethnic backgrounds is 31%.
20. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions is good for ensuring equal opportunity for Americans of all racial and ethnic backgrounds is 36%.
21. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions is bad for ensuring equal opportunity for Americans of all racial and ethnic backgrounds is 51%.
22. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions is good for ensuring equal opportunity for Americans of all racial and ethnic backgrounds is 16%.
23. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions is bad for ensuring equal opportunity for Americans of all racial and ethnic backgrounds is 14%.
24. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who say considering race and ethnicity in college admissions is good for ensuring equal opportunity for Americans of all racial and ethnic backgrounds is 57%.
25. The survey period is from March 27 - April 2, 2023. 