1. Among total U.S. adults, the proportion who disapprove of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 50%.
2. Among total U.S. adults, the proportion who approve of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 33%.
3. Among total U.S. adults, the proportion who are not sure about selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 16%.
4. Among Black U.S. adults, the proportion who disapprove of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 29%.
5. Among Black U.S. adults, the proportion who approve of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 47%.
6. Among Black U.S. adults, the proportion who are not sure about selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 24%.
7. Among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion who disapprove of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 39%.
8. Among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion who approve of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 39%.
9. Among Hispanic U.S. adults, the proportion who are not sure about selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 20%.
10. Among Asian U.S. adults (English - speakers only), the proportion who disapprove of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 52%.
11. Among Asian U.S. adults (English - speakers only), the proportion who approve of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 37%.
12. Among Asian U.S. adults (English - speakers only), the proportion who are not sure about selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 10%.
13. Among White U.S. adults, the proportion who disapprove of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 57%.
14. Among White U.S. adults, the proportion who approve of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 29%.
15. Among White U.S. adults, the proportion who are not sure about selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 14%.
16. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults, the proportion who disapprove of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 74%.
17. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults, the proportion who approve of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 14%.
18. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults, the proportion who are not sure about selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 12%.
19. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults, the proportion who disapprove of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 29%.
20. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults, the proportion who approve of selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 54%.
21. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults, the proportion who are not sure about selective colleges considering race and ethnicity in admissions decisions is 17%.
22. The survey period is from March 27 - April 2, 2023. 