1. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those on the left - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content expressing sympathy for civilians in Gaza on social media sites is 25%.
2. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those in the center - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content expressing sympathy for civilians in Gaza on social media sites is 53%.
3. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those on the right - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content expressing sympathy for civilians in Gaza on social media sites is 76%.
4. The difference in the proportion of right - wing and left - wing Israeli adults who think people should not be allowed to post content expressing sympathy for civilians in Gaza on social media sites is +51.
5. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those on the left - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content criticizing the Israeli government's actions in the war on social media sites is 29%.
6. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those in the center - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content criticizing the Israeli government's actions in the war on social media sites is 44%.
7. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those on the right - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content criticizing the Israeli government's actions in the war on social media sites is 62%.
8. The difference in the proportion of right - wing and left - wing Israeli adults who think people should not be allowed to post content criticizing the Israeli government's actions in the war on social media sites is +33.
9. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those on the left - wing who think people should not be allowed to post videos or images showing graphic violence in the war on social media sites is 61%.
10. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those in the center - wing who think people should not be allowed to post videos or images showing graphic violence in the war on social media sites is 68%.
11. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those on the right - wing who think people should not be allowed to post videos or images showing graphic violence in the war on social media sites is 80%.
12. The difference in the proportion of right - wing and left - wing Israeli adults who think people should not be allowed to post videos or images showing graphic violence in the war on social media sites is +19.
13. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those on the left - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content showing support for Hamas on social media sites is 73%.
14. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those in the center - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content showing support for Hamas on social media sites is 91%.
15. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those on the right - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content showing support for Hamas on social media sites is 93%.
16. The difference in the proportion of right - wing and left - wing Israeli adults who think people should not be allowed to post content showing support for Hamas on social media sites is +18.
17. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those on the left - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content calling for violence on social media sites is 92%.
18. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those in the center - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content calling for violence on social media sites is 93%.
19. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of those on the right - wing who think people should not be allowed to post content calling for violence on social media sites is 92%.
20. The difference in the proportion of right - wing and left - wing Israeli adults who think people should not be allowed to post content calling for violence on social media sites is -1. 