1. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of Arab Israelis who think posts expressing sympathy for civilians in Gaza should not be allowed on social - media sites is 18%.
2. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of Jewish Israelis who think posts expressing sympathy for civilians in Gaza should not be allowed on social - media sites is 70%.
3. Among Israeli adults, the difference in the proportion of Arab Israelis and Jewish Israelis who think posts expressing sympathy for civilians in Gaza should not be allowed on social - media sites is +52.
4. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of Arab Israelis who think posts criticizing the Israeli government's actions in the war should not be allowed on social - media sites is 31%.
5. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of Jewish Israelis who think posts criticizing the Israeli government's actions in the war should not be allowed on social - media sites is 55%.
6. Among Israeli adults, the difference in the proportion of Arab Israelis and Jewish Israelis who think posts criticizing the Israeli government's actions in the war should not be allowed on social - media sites is +24.
7. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of Arab Israelis who think posts showing support for Hamas should not be allowed on social - media sites is 70%.
8. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of Jewish Israelis who think posts showing support for Hamas should not be allowed on social - media sites is 91%.
9. Among Israeli adults, the difference in the proportion of Arab Israelis and Jewish Israelis who think posts showing support for Hamas should not be allowed on social - media sites is +21.
10. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of Arab Israelis who think videos or images showing graphic violence in the war should not be allowed on social - media sites is 57%.
11. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of Jewish Israelis who think videos or images showing graphic violence in the war should not be allowed on social - media sites is 76%.
12. Among Israeli adults, the difference in the proportion of Arab Israelis and Jewish Israelis who think videos or images showing graphic violence in the war should not be allowed on social - media sites is +19.
13. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of Arab Israelis who think posts that call for violence should not be allowed on social - media sites is 91%.
14. Among Israeli adults, the proportion of Jewish Israelis who think posts that call for violence should not be allowed on social - media sites is 92%.
15. Among Israeli adults, the difference in the proportion of Arab Israelis and Jewish Israelis who think posts that call for violence should not be allowed on social - media sites is +1.