1. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who prefer a smaller government, providing fewer services is 22%.
2. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who prefer a smaller government, providing fewer services is 84%.
3. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who prefer a smaller government, providing fewer services is 51%.
4. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who think the government has a responsibility to make sure all Americans have health - care coverage is 32%.
5. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who think the government has a responsibility to make sure all Americans have health - care coverage is 91%.
6. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who think the government has a responsibility to make sure all Americans have health - care coverage is 63%.
7. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who think the government should do more to solve problems is 21%.
8. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who think the government should do more to solve problems is 76%.
9. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who think the government should do more to solve problems is 50%.
10. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who think government aid to the poor does more harm than good is 18%.
11. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who think government aid to the poor does more harm than good is 72%.
12. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who think government aid to the poor does more harm than good is 44%.
13. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who think Social Security should NOT be reduced in any way is 77%.
14. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who think Social Security should NOT be reduced in any way is 83%.
15. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who think Social Security should NOT be reduced in any way is 80%. 