1. Ahead of the 2024 election, the proportion of Trump supporters who said he had clearly explained his policies for addressing illegal immigration is 94%.
2. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said she had clearly explained her policies for addressing illegal immigration is 48%.
3. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Trump had clearly explained his policies for addressing illegal immigration is 70%.
4. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said he had clearly explained his policies for U.S. foreign policy is 84%.
5. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said she had clearly explained her policies for U.S. foreign policy is 25%.
6. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Trump had clearly explained his policies for U.S. foreign policy is 53%.
7. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said he had clearly explained his policies regarding the war between Israel and Hamas is 75%.
8. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said she had clearly explained her policies regarding the war between Israel and Hamas is 17%.
9. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Trump had clearly explained his policies regarding the war between Israel and Hamas is 45%.
10. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said he had clearly explained his policies for strengthening the economy is 89%.
11. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said she had clearly explained her policies for strengthening the economy is 17%.
12. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Trump had clearly explained his policies for strengthening the economy is 52%.
13. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said he had clearly explained his policies regarding the war between Ukraine and Russia is 76%.
14. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said she had clearly explained her policies regarding the war between Ukraine and Russia is 24%.
15. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Trump had clearly explained his policies regarding the war between Ukraine and Russia is 49%.
16. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said he had clearly explained his policies for health - care is 58%.
17. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said she had clearly explained her policies for health - care is 11%.
18. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Trump had clearly explained his policies for health - care is 33%.
19. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said he had clearly explained his policies for abortion is 84%.
20. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said she had clearly explained her policies for abortion is 41%.
21. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Trump had clearly explained his policies for abortion is 61%.
22. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for abortion is 59%.
23. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for abortion is 93%.
24. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for abortion is 75%.
25. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for addressing illegal immigration is 12%.
26. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for addressing illegal immigration is 62%.
27. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for addressing illegal immigration is 37%.
28. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for U.S. foreign policy is 8%.
29. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for U.S. foreign policy is 61%.
30. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for U.S. foreign policy is 34%.
31. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies regarding the war between Israel and Hamas is 7%.
32. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies regarding the war between Israel and Hamas is 57%.
33. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies regarding the war between Israel and Hamas is 32%.
34. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for strengthening the economy is 8%.
35. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for strengthening the economy is 76%.
36. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for strengthening the economy is 42%.
37. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies regarding the war between Ukraine and Russia is 13%.
38. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies regarding the war between Ukraine and Russia is 70%.
39. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies regarding the war between Ukraine and Russia is 41%.
40. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for health - care is 14%.
41. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for health - care is 75%.
42. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who said Kamala Harris had clearly explained her policies for health - care is 44%.
The survey period is from Sept. 30 - Oct. 6, 2024. 