1. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 18%.
2. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 89%.
3. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who say gun ownership does more to increase safety by allowing law - abiding citizens to protect themselves is 54%.
4. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who say the legacy of slavery affects the position of Black people in American society today a great deal/fair amount is 24%.
5. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who say the legacy of slavery affects the position of Black people in American society today a great deal/fair amount is 80%.
6. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who say the legacy of slavery affects the position of Black people in American society today a great deal/fair amount is 53%.
7. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who say America's openness to people from all over the world is essential to who we are as a nation is 34%.
8. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who say America's openness to people from all over the world is essential to who we are as a nation is 88%.
9. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who say America's openness to people from all over the world is essential to who we are as a nation is 61%.
10. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who say someone can be a man or a woman even if that is different from the sex they were assigned at birth is 7%.
11. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who say someone can be a man or a woman even if that is different from the sex they were assigned at birth is 60%.
12. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who say someone can be a man or a woman even if that is different from the sex they were assigned at birth is 34%.
13. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who say the criminal justice system in this country is generally not tough enough on criminals is 39%.
14. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who say the criminal justice system in this country is generally not tough enough on criminals is 83%.
15. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who say the criminal justice system in this country is generally not tough enough on criminals is 61%.
16. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who say society is better off if people make marriage and having children a priority is 17%.
17. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who say society is better off if people make marriage and having children a priority is 60%.
18. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who say society is better off if people make marriage and having children a priority is 39%.
19. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who say religion should be kept separate from government policies is 55%.
20. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who say religion should be kept separate from government policies is 87%.
21. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who say religion should be kept separate from government policies is 71%.
22. Among registered voters, the proportion of Harris supporters who say the gains women have made in society have come at the expense of men is 11%.
23. Among registered voters, the proportion of Trump supporters who say the gains women have made in society have come at the expense of men is 27%.
24. Among registered voters, the proportion of all voters who say the gains women have made in society have come at the expense of men is 17%. 