1. Among all Republicans/Lean Rep, the proportion who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 40%.
2. Among all Republicans/Lean Rep, the proportion who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 50%.
3. Among Republican men, the proportion who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 47%.
4. Among Republican men, the proportion who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 47%.
5. Among Republican women, the proportion who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 33%.
6. Among Republican women, the proportion who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 54%.
7. Among 18 - 49 - year - old Republicans, the proportion who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 34%.
8. Among 18 - 49 - year - old Republicans, the proportion who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 57%.
9. Among Republicans aged 50 and above, the proportion who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 45%.
10. Among Republicans aged 50 and above, the proportion who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 45%.
11. Among college - graduate Republicans, the proportion who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 36%.
12. Among college - graduate Republicans, the proportion who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 58%.
13. Among non - college - graduate Republicans, the proportion who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 42%.
14. Among non - college - graduate Republicans, the proportion who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 48%.
15. Among conservative Republicans, the proportion who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 44%.
16. Among conservative Republicans, the proportion who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 46%.
17. Among moderate/liberal Republicans, the proportion who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 35%.
18. Among moderate/liberal Republicans, the proportion who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 58%.
19. Among all Republicans/Lean Rep, the proportion who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 24%.
20. Among all Republicans/Lean Rep, the proportion who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 72%.
21. Among Republican men, the proportion who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 20%.
22. Among Republican men, the proportion who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 77%.
23. Among Republican women, the proportion who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 29%.
24. Among Republican women, the proportion who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 67%.
25. Among 18 - 49 - year - old Republicans, the proportion who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 36%.
26. Among 18 - 49 - year - old Republicans, the proportion who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 60%.
27. Among Republicans aged 50 and above, the proportion who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 14%.
28. Among Republicans aged 50 and above, the proportion who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 83%.
29. Among college - graduate Republicans, the proportion who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 24%.
30. Among college - graduate Republicans, the proportion who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 74%.
31. Among non - college - graduate Republicans, the proportion who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 24%.
32. Among non - college - graduate Republicans, the proportion who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 72%.
33. Among conservative Republicans, the proportion who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 17%.
34. Among conservative Republicans, the proportion who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 81%.
35. Among moderate/liberal Republicans, the proportion who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 40%.
36. Among moderate/liberal Republicans, the proportion who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico is 55%.