1. Among all surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 60%.
2. Among all surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 37%.
3. Among all surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 21%.
4. Among all surveyed, the proportion of those who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 74%.
5. Among White surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 53%.
6. Among White surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 45%.
7. Among Black surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 73%.
8. Among Black surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 22%.
9. Among Hispanic surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 77%.
10. Among Hispanic surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 20%.
11. Among 18 - 29 - year - olds surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 73%.
12. Among 18 - 29 - year - olds surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 24%.
13. Among 30 - 49 - year - olds surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 69%.
14. Among 30 - 49 - year - olds surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 29%.
15. Among 50 - 64 - year - olds surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 48%.
16. Among 50 - 64 - year - olds surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 50%.
17. Among 65+ - year - olds surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 48%.
18. Among 65+ - year - olds surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 48%.
19. Among post - grads surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 75%.
20. Among post - grads surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 23%.
21. Among college grads surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 68%.
22. Among college grads surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 30%.
23. Among those with some college surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 59%.
24. Among those with some college surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 38%.
25. Among those with HS or less surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 53%.
26. Among those with HS or less surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 43%.
27. Among White evang. Prot surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 32%.
28. Among White evang. Prot surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 65%.
29. Among White mainline Prot surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 47%.
30. Among White mainline Prot surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 49%.
31. Among Black Prot surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 13%.
32. Among Black Prot surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 83%.
33. Among White Catholic surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 44%.
34. Among White Catholic surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 55%.
35. Among Hispanic Catholic surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 83%.
36. Among Hispanic Catholic surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 17%.
37. Among Unaffiliated surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 76%.
38. Among Unaffiliated surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 23%.
39. Among White post - grads surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 72%.
40. Among White post - grads surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 28%.
41. Among White college grads surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 63%.
42. Among White college grads surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 35%.
43. Among White those with some college surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 53%.
44. Among White those with some college surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 45%.
45. Among White those with HS or less surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 39%.
46. Among White those with HS or less surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is 57%.
47. Among White post - grads surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 13%.
48. Among White post - grads surveyed, the proportion of those who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 83%.
49. Among White college grads surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 18%.
50. Among White college grads surveyed, the proportion of those who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 79%.
51. Among White those with some college surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 22%.
52. Among White those with some college surveyed, the proportion of those who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 69%.
53. Among White those with HS or less surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 32%.
54. Among White those with HS or less surveyed, the proportion of those who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 60%.

The survey was conducted by Pew Research Center from Jan. 10 - 15, 2018. 