1. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 21%.
2. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 74%.
3. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 40%.
4. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 50%.
5. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 6%.
6. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children is 92%.
7. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. - border with Mexico is 60%.
8. Among U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. - border with Mexico is 37%.
9. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. - border with Mexico is 24%.
10. Among Rep/Lean Rep U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. - border with Mexico is 72%.
11. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. - border with Mexico is 85%.
12. Among Dem/Lean Dem U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. - border with Mexico is 13%. 