1. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and oppose expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 54%.
2. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor both legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 18%.
3. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose both legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 5%.
4. Among all U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and favor expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 15%.
5. Among Republican/Lean - Republican U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and oppose expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 17%.
6. Among Republican/Lean - Republican U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor both legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 30%.
7. Among Republican/Lean - Republican U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose both legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 6%.
8. Among Republican/Lean - Republican U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and favor expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 34%.
9. Among Democrat/Lean - Democrat U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and oppose expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 80%.
10. Among Democrat/Lean - Democrat U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who favor both legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 11%.
11. Among Democrat/Lean - Democrat U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose both legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 4%.
12. Among Democrat/Lean - Democrat U.S. adults surveyed, the proportion of those who oppose legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children and favor expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall is 2%.
13. The survey was conducted among U.S. adults from January 10 - 15, 2018. 