1. In Greece, the proportion of people who think an increasing number of different - race, ethnic - group and nationality people make the country a worse place to live is 63%.
2. In Greece, the proportion of people who think it doesn't make much difference is 27%.
3. In Greece, the proportion of people who think it makes the country a better place to live is 10%.
4. In Italy, the proportion of people who think an increasing number of different - race, ethnic - group and nationality people make the country a worse place to live is 53%.
5. In Italy, the proportion of people who think it doesn't make much difference is 25%.
6. In Italy, the proportion of people who think it makes the country a better place to live is 18%.
7. In Hungary, the proportion of people who think an increasing number of different - race, ethnic - group and nationality people make the country a worse place to live is 41%.
8. In Hungary, the proportion of people who think it doesn't make much difference is 39%.
9. In Hungary, the proportion of people who think it makes the country a better place to live is 17%.
10. In Poland, the proportion of people who think an increasing number of different - race, ethnic - group and nationality people make the country a worse place to live is 40%.
11. In Poland, the proportion of people who think it doesn't make much difference is 33%.
12. In Poland, the proportion of people who think it makes the country a better place to live is 14%.
13. In the Netherlands, the proportion of people who think an increasing number of different - race, ethnic - group and nationality people make the country a worse place to live is 36%.
14. In the Netherlands, the proportion of people who think it doesn't make much difference is 46%.
15. In the Netherlands, the proportion of people who think it makes the country a better place to live is 17%.
16. In Germany, the proportion of people who think an increasing number of different - race, ethnic - group and nationality people make the country a worse place to live is 31%.
17. In Germany, the proportion of people who think it doesn't make much difference is 40%.
18. In Germany, the proportion of people who think it makes the country a better place to live is 26%.
19. In the UK, the proportion of people who think an increasing number of different - race, ethnic - group and nationality people make the country a worse place to live is 31%.
20. In the UK, the proportion of people who think it doesn't make much difference is 34%.
21. In the UK, the proportion of people who think it makes the country a better place to live is 33%.
22. In Sweden, the proportion of people who think an increasing number of different - race, ethnic - group and nationality people make the country a worse place to live is 26%.
23. In Sweden, the proportion of people who think it doesn't make much difference is 38%.
24. In Sweden, the proportion of people who think it makes the country a better place to live is 36%.
25. In France, the proportion of people who think an increasing number of different - race, ethnic - group and nationality people make the country a worse place to live is 24%.
26. In France, the proportion of people who think it doesn't make much difference is 48%.
27. In France, the proportion of people who think it makes the country a better place to live is 26%.
28. In Spain, the proportion of people who think an increasing number of different - race, ethnic - group and nationality people make the country a worse place to live is 22%.
29. In Spain, the proportion of people who think it doesn't make much difference is 45%.
30. In Spain, the proportion of people who think it makes the country a better place to live is 31%. 