1. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say cheering for a specific team(s) is a major reason is 71%.
2. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say cheering for a specific team(s) is a minor reason is 21%.
3. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say cheering for a specific team(s) is not a reason is 8%.
4. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say being entertained is a major reason is 69%.
5. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say being entertained is a minor reason is 23%.
6. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say being entertained is not a reason is 8%.
7. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say cheering for a specific player(s) is a major reason is 32%.
8. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say cheering for a specific player(s) is a minor reason is 41%.
9. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say cheering for a specific player(s) is not a reason is 27%.
10. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say because someone in my family follows sports is a major reason is 23%.
11. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say because someone in my family follows sports is a minor reason is 28%.
12. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say because someone in my family follows sports is not a reason is 48%.
13. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say being part of a community is a major reason is 13%.
14. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say being part of a community is a minor reason is 34%.
15. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say being part of a community is not a reason is 52%.
16. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say because I bet on sports is a major reason is 4%.
17. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say because I bet on sports is a minor reason is 12%.
18. Among Americans who follow sports at least somewhat closely, the proportion who say because I bet on sports is not a reason is 83%.
19. The survey period is from Aug. 7 - 27, 2023. 